
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  2.824356                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                2824356167500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2824356167500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  95847                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   116283                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             2253286315                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 605880                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  1253.44                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   120137953                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     145753814                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_read::cpu0.inst          128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_read::cpu1.inst          208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_read::total           336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst          128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst          208                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_inst_read::total          336                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.num_reads::cpu0.inst            8                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.realview.nvmem.num_reads::cpu1.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.realview.nvmem.num_reads::total             21                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bw_read::cpu0.inst           45                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_read::cpu1.inst           74                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_read::total              119                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst           45                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst           74                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_inst_read::total          119                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_total::cpu0.inst           45                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_total::cpu1.inst           74                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_total::total             119                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bytes_read::realview.ide           960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.dtb.walker         1984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.itb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.inst           286048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.data          1048060                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher     10518784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.dtb.walker          704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.itb.walker           64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.inst            32848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.data           551328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher      1337024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             13777996                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst       286048                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst        32848                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          318896                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      7262976                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::realview.ide      2318336                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu0.data         17704                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu1.data            40                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           9599056                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::realview.ide             15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.dtb.walker           31                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.itb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.inst              6715                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.data             16901                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher       164356                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.dtb.walker           11                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.itb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.inst               580                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.data              8638                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher        20891                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                218142                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks          113484                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::realview.ide         36224                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu0.data             4426                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu1.data               10                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total               154144                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::realview.ide              340                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.dtb.walker           702                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.itb.walker            68                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.inst              101279                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.data              371079                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher      3724312                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.dtb.walker           249                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.itb.walker            23                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.inst               11630                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.data              195205                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher       473391                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                 4878279                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst         101279                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst          11630                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             112909                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           2571551                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::realview.ide          820837                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu0.data               6268                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu1.data                 14                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                3398671                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           2571551                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::realview.ide          821177                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.dtb.walker          702                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.itb.walker           68                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.inst             101279                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.data             377348                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher      3724312                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.dtb.walker          249                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.itb.walker           23                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.inst              11630                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.data             195219                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher       473391                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total                8276949                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                        218142                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.physmem.writeReqs                       154144                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.physmem.readBursts                      218142                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.writeBursts                     154144                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.physmem.bytesReadDRAM                 13946624                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadWrQ                     14464                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.physmem.bytesWritten                   9613440                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadSys                  13777996                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.bytesWrittenSys                9599056                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                      226                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.mergedWrBursts                    3916                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWriteReqs          13812                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::0               13742                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::1               13629                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::2               14383                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::3               14277                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::4               15951                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::5               13005                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::6               13913                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::7               13901                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::8               13634                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::9               13374                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::10              12813                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::11              11699                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::12              13387                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::13              14173                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::14              13330                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::15              12705                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::0                9697                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::1                9775                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::2               10292                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::3                9920                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::4                9082                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::5                9049                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::6                9470                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::7                9454                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::8                9424                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::9                9315                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::10               9173                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::11               8636                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::12               9486                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::13               9567                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::14               9156                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::15               8714                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           9                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    2824354558500                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                     559                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                      28                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                    3083                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                  214472                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                   4436                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                 149708                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                     53602                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                     76817                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                     20742                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                     15242                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                     11051                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                      9710                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                      8839                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                      8210                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                      7163                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                      2472                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                     1433                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                     1086                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                      621                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                      437                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                      277                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                      206                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                     2929                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                     3545                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                     4158                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                     4869                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                     5623                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                     6990                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                     7782                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                     8751                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                     9680                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                    10891                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                    10789                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                    10809                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                    10760                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                    11318                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                     9435                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                     9260                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                     9292                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::32                     8709                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::33                      893                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::34                      622                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::35                      394                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::36                      295                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::37                      223                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::38                      198                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::39                      199                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::40                      192                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::41                      180                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::42                      167                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::43                      165                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::44                      149                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::45                      139                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::46                      126                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::47                      117                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::48                      101                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::49                       85                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::50                       62                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::51                       46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::52                       40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::53                       35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::54                       33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::55                       31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::56                       26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::57                       26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::58                       19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::59                       14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::60                       11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::61                        8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::62                        8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::63                       19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples        92866                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      253.699567                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     143.705803                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev     308.390709                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::0-127          46941     50.55%     50.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-255        18915     20.37%     70.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-383         6813      7.34%     78.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-511         3565      3.84%     82.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-639         3222      3.47%     85.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2153      2.32%     87.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1230      1.32%     89.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1078      1.16%     90.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         8949      9.64%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total          92866                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::samples          7533                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::mean        28.928183                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      527.934330                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::0-2047           7532     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::45056-47103            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::total            7533                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::samples          7533                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::mean        19.940263                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::gmean       18.639504                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       10.756386                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::16-19            6124     81.30%     81.30% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::20-23             560      7.43%     88.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::24-27             110      1.46%     90.19% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::28-31             221      2.93%     93.12% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::32-35             195      2.59%     95.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::36-39              21      0.28%     95.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::40-43              17      0.23%     96.22% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::44-47              21      0.28%     96.50% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::48-51              30      0.40%     96.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::52-55               8      0.11%     97.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::56-59               3      0.04%     97.04% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::60-63               3      0.04%     97.08% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::64-67             162      2.15%     99.23% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::68-71               7      0.09%     99.32% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::72-75               6      0.08%     99.40% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::76-79               5      0.07%     99.47% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::80-83              13      0.17%     99.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::88-91               1      0.01%     99.65% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::92-95               1      0.01%     99.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::96-99               7      0.09%     99.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::100-103             2      0.03%     99.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::104-107             1      0.01%     99.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::108-111             1      0.01%     99.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::112-115             2      0.03%     99.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::116-119             3      0.04%     99.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::124-127             1      0.01%     99.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::128-131             3      0.04%     99.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::140-143             3      0.04%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::144-147             2      0.03%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::total            7533                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.totQLat                     8921648500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.physmem.totMemAccLat               13007573500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.physmem.totBusLat                   1089580000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.physmem.avgQLat                       40940.77                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  59690.77                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgRdBW                           4.94                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           3.40                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgRdBWSys                        4.88                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBWSys                        3.40                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.busUtilRead                       0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.physmem.busUtilWrite                      0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         1.74                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        22.17                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.readRowHits                     185257                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                     90003                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   85.01                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  59.91                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                      7586518.32                       # Average gap between requests
system.physmem.pageHitRate                      74.77                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::IDLE     2697281054000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::REF       94311360000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN             0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::ACT       32761026000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN             0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.actEnergy::0                 364739760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.actEnergy::1                 337327200                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.preEnergy::0                 199014750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.preEnergy::1                 184057500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.readEnergy::0                879847800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.readEnergy::1                819897000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.writeEnergy::0               497268720                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.writeEnergy::1               476092080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.refreshEnergy::0          184473020160                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.refreshEnergy::1          184473020160                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.actBackEnergy::0           78882264090                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.actBackEnergy::1           78474830085                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.preBackEnergy::0          1625417087250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.preBackEnergy::1          1625774485500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.totalEnergy::0            1890713242530                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.totalEnergy::1            1890539709525                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.averagePower::0             669.432241                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.physmem.averagePower::1             669.370799                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              237803                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             237803                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq              30981                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp             30981                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback            113484                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq        36224                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp        36224                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            79622                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          40753                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           13812                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             31225                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            14907                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.bridge.slave       107970                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.nvmem.port           42                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        13750                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port       709115                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::total       830877                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port        72710                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total        72710                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 903587                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.bridge.slave       162850                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.nvmem.port          336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        27500                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port     21057756                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::total     21248442                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port      2319296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total      2319296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                23567738                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                           123113                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            501114                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                  501114    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              501114                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy            81319989                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer1.occupancy               27500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            11512493                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer5.occupancy          1643090249                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer5.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy         2114237552                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer3.occupancy           38543657                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer3.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.l2c.tags.replacements                   153338                       # number of replacements
system.l2c.tags.tagsinuse                64407.351795                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2c.tags.total_refs                     520948                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.sampled_refs                   218016                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.avg_refs                     2.389494                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   14039.109160                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.dtb.walker    10.926266                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.itb.walker     1.063683                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst     1406.687456                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     2124.369402                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher 39350.084930                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.dtb.walker     7.463090                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.itb.walker     0.906491                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst      305.066680                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data      911.182744                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher  6250.491894                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::writebacks      0.214220                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000016                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst       0.021464                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data       0.032415                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher     0.600435                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000114                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.itb.walker     0.000014                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst       0.004655                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data       0.013904                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher     0.095375                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::total           0.982778                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1022        44311                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        20347                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1022::2          406                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1022::3         7760                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1022::4        36145                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          348                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4612                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        15362                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1022     0.676132                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.000305                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.310471                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2c.tags.tag_accesses                  6600636                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2c.tags.data_accesses                 6600636                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker          292                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.itb.walker          154                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst              12492                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data              39083                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher       182457                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker           82                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.itb.walker           48                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst               4094                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data              11500                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher        44186                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::total                 294388                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::writebacks          252842                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::total               252842                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data           11706                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data             727                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::total               12433                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data           197                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data           154                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total               351                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data             3674                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu1.data             1157                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::total                 4831                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker           292                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.itb.walker           154                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.inst               12492                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.data               42757                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher       182457                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker            82                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.itb.walker            48                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.inst                4094                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.data               12657                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher        44186                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::total                  299219                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker          292                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.itb.walker          154                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.inst              12492                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.data              42757                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher       182457                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker           82                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.itb.walker           48                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.inst               4094                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.data              12657                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher        44186                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::total                 299219                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst             3722                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data             8649                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher       164359                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker           11                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.itb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst              492                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data             1396                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher        20906                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::total               199570                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data          8911                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data          2815                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::total             11726                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data          768                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data         1215                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total            1983                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data           7775                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1.data           7235                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::total              15010                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.inst              3722                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.data             16424                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher       164359                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker           11                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.itb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.inst               492                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.data              8631                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher        20906                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::total                214580                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker           31                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.inst             3722                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.data            16424                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher       164359                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker           11                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.itb.walker            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.inst              492                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.data             8631                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher        20906                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::total               214580                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker      2653000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker       225500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    348764246                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    769947990                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher  18966096321                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker       875000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker        75000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     50097250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    119367500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher   2549404421                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    22807506228                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data      7178208                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data      2570892                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total      9749100                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data      1432440                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data       791466                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::total      2223906                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    708658416                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    564088479                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   1272746895                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker      2653000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker       225500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    348764246                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1478606406                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher  18966096321                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker       875000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker        75000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     50097250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data    683455979                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher   2549404421                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::total     24080253123                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker      2653000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker       225500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    348764246                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1478606406                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher  18966096321                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker       875000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker        75000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     50097250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data    683455979                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher   2549404421                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::total    24080253123                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker          323                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker          157                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst          16214                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data          47732                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher       346816                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker           93                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker           49                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst           4586                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data          12896                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher        65092                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::total             493958                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       252842                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::total           252842                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data        20617                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data         3542                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           24159                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data          965                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data         1369                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          2334                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data        11449                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1.data         8392                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::total            19841                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker          323                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker          157                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst           16214                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           59181                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher       346816                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker           93                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker           49                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst            4586                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.data           21288                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher        65092                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::total              513799                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker          323                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker          157                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst          16214                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          59181                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher       346816                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker           93                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker           49                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst           4586                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.data          21288                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher        65092                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::total             513799                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.095975                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.019108                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.229555                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.181199                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher     0.473908                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.118280                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.itb.walker     0.020408                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.107283                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.108251                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher     0.321176                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.404022                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.432216                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.794749                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.485368                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.795855                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.887509                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.849614                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.679099                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.862131                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.756514                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.095975                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.019108                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.229555                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.277522                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher     0.473908                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.118280                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.itb.walker     0.020408                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst       0.107283                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data       0.405440                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher     0.321176                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::total           0.417634                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.095975                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.019108                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.229555                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.277522                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher     0.473908                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.118280                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.itb.walker     0.020408                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.107283                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.405440                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher     0.321176                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::total          0.417634                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 85580.645161                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker 75166.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 93703.451370                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89021.619840                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher 115394.327789                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker 79545.454545                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker        75000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 101823.678862                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 85506.805158                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher 121946.064336                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 114283.240106                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data   805.544608                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data   913.283126                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total   831.408835                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data  1865.156250                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data   651.412346                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  1121.485628                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 91145.776977                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 77966.617692                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84793.264157                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 85580.645161                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker 75166.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 93703.451370                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90027.180102                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher 115394.327789                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker 79545.454545                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker        75000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 101823.678862                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 79186.186884                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher 121946.064336                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 112220.398560                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 85580.645161                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker 75166.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 93703.451370                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90027.180102                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher 115394.327789                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker 79545.454545                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker        75000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 101823.678862                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 79186.186884                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher 121946.064336                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 112220.398560                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs               435                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_mshrs                       26                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     16.730769                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2c.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2c.writebacks::writebacks              113484                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.writebacks::total                   113484                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst             1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst             1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst              1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst              1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::total                 20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst             1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst             1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::total                20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         3721                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         8649                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher       164356                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.itb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst          491                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         1396                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher        20891                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          199550                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         8911                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         2815                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        11726                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          768                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         1215                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         1983                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         7775                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         7235                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         15010                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         3721                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        16424                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher       164356                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.itb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst          491                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         8631                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher        20891                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::total           214560                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         3721                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        16424                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher       164356                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker           11                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.itb.walker            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst          491                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         8631                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher        20891                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::total          214560                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker      2267000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker       187500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    302749246                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    662570490                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher  16945643071                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker       738500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker        62500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     43998750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    101980500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher   2293758171                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  20353955728                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     90147824                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     28509296                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    118657120                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data      7897727                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     12233707                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     20131434                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    612435582                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    472780517                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1085216099                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker      2267000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker       187500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    302749246                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1275006072                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher  16945643071                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker       738500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker        62500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     43998750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    574761017                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher   2293758171                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  21439171827                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker      2267000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker       187500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    302749246                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1275006072                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher  16945643071                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker       738500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker        62500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     43998750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    574761017                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher   2293758171                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  21439171827                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst    158715000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   3685804000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst      5055250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data   1919801500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   5769375750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   2713908502                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data   1535177501                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   4249086003                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst    158715000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   6399712502                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst      5055250                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data   3454979001                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  10018461753                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.095975                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.019108                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.229493                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.181199                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher     0.473900                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.118280                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.itb.walker     0.020408                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.107065                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.108251                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher     0.320946                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.403982                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.432216                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.794749                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.485368                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.795855                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.887509                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.849614                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.679099                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.862131                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.756514                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.095975                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.019108                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.229493                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.277522                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher     0.473900                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.118280                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.itb.walker     0.020408                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.107065                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.405440                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher     0.320946                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.417595                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.095975                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.019108                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.229493                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.277522                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher     0.473900                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.118280                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.itb.walker     0.020408                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.107065                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.405440                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher     0.320946                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.417595                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 73129.032258                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        62500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 81362.334319                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 76606.600763                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher 103103.282332                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker 67136.363636                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker        62500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 89610.488798                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 73051.934097                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher 109796.475564                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101999.277013                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 10116.465492                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 10127.636234                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10119.147194                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 10283.498698                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 10068.894650                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10152.009077                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 78769.849775                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 65346.305045                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72299.540240                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 73129.032258                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        62500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 81362.334319                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77630.666829                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher 103103.282332                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker 67136.363636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker        62500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 89610.488798                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 66592.633183                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher 109796.475564                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99921.568918                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 73129.032258                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        62500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 81362.334319                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77630.666829                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher 103103.282332                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker 67136.363636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker        62500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 89610.488798                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 66592.633183                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher 109796.475564                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99921.568918                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.realview.ethernet.descDMAReads               0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDMAWrites              0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.postedSwi                  0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedSwi             nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalSwi                   0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxIdle               0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle          nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxIdle                0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxOk                 0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxOk            nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxOk                  0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxDesc               0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc          nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxDesc                0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxOk                 0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxOk            nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxOk                  0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxIdle               0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle          nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxIdle                0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxDesc               0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc          nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxDesc                0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxOrn                0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn           nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxOrn                 0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTotal           nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.droppedPackets             0                       # number of packets dropped
system.cf0.dma_read_full_pages                      0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_bytes                        1024                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_txs                             1                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_write_full_pages                   540                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_bytes                    2318336                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_txs                          631                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadReq             660507                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            660492                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteReq             30981                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteResp            30981                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::Writeback           252842                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq        36233                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq           91952                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         41104                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         133056                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq           19                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp           19                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            40101                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           40101                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.l2cache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      1300560                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.l2cache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side       426210                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count::total               1726770                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.l2cache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side     40798474                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.l2cache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      8541616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size::total               49340090                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.snoops                          291850                       # Total snoops (count)
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::samples          1084776                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::mean            1.033629                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.180273                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::1                1048296     96.64%     96.64% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::2                  36480      3.36%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::total            1084776                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         1587917075                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.snoopLayer0.occupancy          1044000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.snoopLayer0.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy        2276216676                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy         846189675                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                31016                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp               31016                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq               59419                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp              59440                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq           21                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart.pio        56656                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.realview_io.pio          122                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.timer0.pio           34                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.timer1.pio           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.kmi0.pio          124                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.kmi1.pio          850                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.rtc.pio           32                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart1_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart2_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart3_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.sp810_fake.pio           76                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.watchdog_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.aaci_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.lan_fake.pio            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.usb_fake.pio           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.mmc_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ide.pio         7244                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ide-pciconf          210                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ethernet.pio        42268                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ethernet-pciconf          164                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.pciconfig.pio           60                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total       107970                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.realview.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side        72942                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.realview.ide.dma::total        72942                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                  180912                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart.pio        71600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.realview_io.pio          244                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.timer0.pio           68                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.timer1.pio           40                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.kmi0.pio           86                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.kmi1.pio          449                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.rtc.pio           64                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart1_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart2_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart3_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.sp810_fake.pio          152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.watchdog_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.aaci_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.lan_fake.pio            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.usb_fake.pio           20                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.mmc_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ide.pio         4753                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ide-pciconf          265                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ethernet.pio        84536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ethernet-pciconf          253                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.pciconfig.pio          120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total       162850                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.realview.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side      2321208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.realview.ide.dma::total      2321208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                  2484058                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.occupancy             40136000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.occupancy                90000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy                26000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer3.occupancy                12000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer3.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.occupancy                74000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer7.occupancy               506000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer7.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer10.occupancy               17000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer10.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer14.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer14.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer15.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer15.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer16.occupancy               40000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer16.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy                2000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer21.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer21.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.occupancy             5287000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer24.occupancy              143000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer24.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.occupancy            30680000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer26.occupancy              102000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer26.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.occupancy           326647327                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer28.occupancy               30000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer28.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy            84754000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer3.occupancy            36834343                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer3.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups               24027935                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted         15717476                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect           977431                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups            14651046                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits               10773468                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct            73.533780                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                3878036                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect             32430                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                    17722520                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                     56371                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                   14647463                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                     8727                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb                          66                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                     917                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_entries                    3522                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.dtb.align_faults                      304                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.prefetch_faults                  2355                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.perms_faults                      853                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                17778891                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses               14656190                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.hits                         32369983                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.misses                          65098                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.accesses                     32435081                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.inst_hits                    37749886                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.itb.inst_misses                     10298                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb                          66                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva                     917                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flush_entries                    2364                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.perms_faults                     1942                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.inst_accesses                37760184                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.itb.hits                         37749886                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.misses                          10298                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.accesses                     37760184                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                       126958641                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles          18143411                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                     112712815                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                   24027935                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches          14651504                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                    104787507                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                2823240                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                    133419                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles               39139                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       365906                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles       432078                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles        38034                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                 37750510                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes               265510                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                   3919                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples         125351114                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             1.084784                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.263056                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                62795131     50.10%     50.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                21461544     17.12%     67.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                 8765998      6.99%     74.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                32328441     25.79%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               3                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total           125351114                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.189258                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.887792                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                19217150                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             58693987                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                 41414238                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles              4958351                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles               1067388                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.BranchResolved             3055751                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu0.decode.BranchMispred               348432                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts             110728193                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.decode.SquashedInsts              3997819                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles               1067388                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                24968075                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               11998776                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles      36565512                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                 40482982                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles             10268381                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts             105647193                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.SquashedInsts              1060681                       # Number of squashed instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents              1440352                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                161094                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                 60996                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents               6068574                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands          109731042                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups            482381977                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups       120921551                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups             9385                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             98136808                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                11594231                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts           1228692                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts       1087401                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                 12320869                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads            18735521                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores           16202725                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads          1699910                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores         2282844                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                 102687285                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded            1694390                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                100670059                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued           484670                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        9020348                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     22495673                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        122680                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    125351114                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.803105                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.034773                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           69205207     55.21%     55.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1           23183333     18.49%     73.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2           22514733     17.96%     91.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            9334141      7.45%     99.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            1113663      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                 37      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            5                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      125351114                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                9379501     40.75%     40.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                    82      0.00%     40.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     40.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0      0.00%     40.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     40.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     40.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     40.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     40.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     40.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     40.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     40.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     40.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     40.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     40.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     40.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     40.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     40.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     40.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     40.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     40.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     40.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     40.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     40.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     40.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     40.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     40.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     40.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     40.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     40.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead               5582636     24.26%     65.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite              8053143     34.99%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass             2273      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             66409608     65.97%     65.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               93111      0.09%     66.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0      0.00%     66.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  1      0.00%     66.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     66.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     66.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     66.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     66.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     66.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     66.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     66.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     66.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     66.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     66.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     66.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     66.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     66.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     66.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     66.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     66.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     66.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     66.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              1      0.00%     66.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          8109      0.01%     66.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     66.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     66.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            18430675     18.31%     84.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite           15726281     15.62%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total             100670059                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.792936                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                   23015362                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.228622                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         350159403                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes        113409879                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     98581657                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              31861                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             11294                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses         9722                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses             123662544                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  20604                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          365489                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2006423                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         2595                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        19219                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      1022338                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       106441                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked       337136                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles               1067388                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                1615648                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               188928                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts          104556414                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             18735521                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts            16202725                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts            876047                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 27263                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents               138025                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         19219                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        291871                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       400586                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts              692457                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             99572602                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts             17974009                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts          1032494                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                       174739                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                    33508875                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                16843329                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                  15534866                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.784292                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      99041613                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     98591379                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 51320038                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 84796920                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_penalized                        0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.776563                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.605211                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_penalized_rate                   0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        8526320                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        1571710                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts           633199                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    123596989                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.768069                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.480980                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     79268840     64.13%     64.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     24713999     20.00%     84.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8247824      6.67%     90.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3215855      2.60%     93.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3439875      2.78%     96.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1518279      1.23%     97.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1140929      0.92%     98.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       533748      0.43%     98.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1517640      1.23%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    123596989                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts            78900966                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              94931037                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                      31909485                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                     16729098                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                     647159                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                  16205509                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                      9708                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 81880566                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls             1929583                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        62922752     66.28%     66.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult          90691      0.10%     66.38% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0      0.00%     66.38% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     66.38% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     66.38% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     66.38% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     66.38% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     66.38% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     66.38% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     66.38% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     66.38% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     66.38% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     66.38% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     66.38% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     66.38% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     66.38% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.38% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     66.38% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     66.38% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     66.38% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     66.38% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     66.38% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     66.38% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     66.38% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     66.38% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc         8109      0.01%     66.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     66.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     66.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead       16729098     17.62%     84.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite      15180387     15.99%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         94931037                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events              1517640                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.commit.bw_limited                       0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                   221353668                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                  208668086                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                         109562                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                        1607527                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.quiesceCycles                  5521753720                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   78778915                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     94808986                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              1.611581                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        1.611581                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.620508                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.620508                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads               110614815                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               59737885                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                     8165                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                    2269                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                350771001                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                41073809                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads              245697526                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_writes               1224542                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadReq       2022292                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp      1921231                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteReq        19109                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteResp        19109                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.trans_dist::Writeback       512497                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.trans_dist::HardPFReq       635775                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq        36233                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq        81120                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        43298                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp       105236                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq           13                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp           19                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq       291864                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp       281152                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.cpu0.l2cache.cpu_side      2535030                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu0.l2cache.cpu_side      2361050                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.itb.walker.dma::system.cpu0.l2cache.cpu_side        28910                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.dma::system.cpu0.l2cache.cpu_side       120430                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.pkt_count::total          5045420                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.cpu0.l2cache.cpu_side     80976096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu0.l2cache.cpu_side     86183658                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.itb.walker.dma::system.cpu0.l2cache.cpu_side        50232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.dma::system.cpu0.l2cache.cpu_side       218780                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.pkt_size::total         167428766                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.snoops                    1029243                       # Total snoops (count)
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::samples      3600041                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::mean       5.252406                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::stdev      0.434393                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::0                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::1                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::2                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::3                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::4                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::5           2691370     74.76%     74.76% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::6            908671     25.24%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            5                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            6                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::total       3600041                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy    1889888022                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization          0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.snoopLayer0.occupancy    117489749                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.snoopLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy   1901826585                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization          0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy   1220473591                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.respLayer2.occupancy     16363478                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.respLayer2.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.respLayer3.occupancy     65772430                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu0.toL2Bus.respLayer3.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements          1263981                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.774384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs           36445999                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs          1264493                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs            28.822618                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle       6310719000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst   511.774384                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.999559                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999559                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          144                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          238                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          130                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         76759130                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        76759130                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst     36445999                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       36445999                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst     36445999                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total        36445999                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst     36445999                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total       36445999                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst      1301304                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      1301304                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst      1301304                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total       1301304                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst      1301304                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total      1301304                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  11020664802                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  11020664802                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  11020664802                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  11020664802                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  11020664802                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  11020664802                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst     37747303                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     37747303                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst     37747303                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total     37747303                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst     37747303                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total     37747303                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.034474                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.034474                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.034474                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.034474                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.034474                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.034474                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  8468.939465                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total  8468.939465                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  8468.939465                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total  8468.939465                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  8468.939465                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total  8468.939465                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       725662                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets           84                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs            96193                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     7.543813                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets           42                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst        36779                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        36779                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst        36779                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total        36779                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst        36779                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total        36779                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst      1264525                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1264525                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst      1264525                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1264525                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst      1264525                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1264525                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   8921757516                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8921757516                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   8921757516                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8921757516                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   8921757516                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8921757516                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst    243776998                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    243776998                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst    243776998                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    243776998                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.033500                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033500                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.033500                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033500                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.033500                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033500                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  7055.422009                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  7055.422009                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  7055.422009                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  7055.422009                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  7055.422009                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  7055.422009                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher.prefetcher.num_hwpf_identified     11570902                       # number of hwpf identified
system.cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher.prefetcher.num_hwpf_already_in_mshr       525454                       # number of hwpf that were already in mshr
system.cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher.prefetcher.num_hwpf_already_in_cache     10431616                       # number of hwpf that were already in the cache
system.cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher.prefetcher.num_hwpf_already_in_prefetcher       117790                       # number of hwpf that were already in the prefetch queue
system.cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher.prefetcher.num_hwpf_evicted            0                       # number of hwpf removed due to no buffer left
system.cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher.prefetcher.num_hwpf_removed_MSHR_hit        25307                       # number of hwpf removed because MSHR allocated
system.cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher.prefetcher.num_hwpf_issued       470730                       # number of hwpf issued
system.cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher.prefetcher.num_hwpf_span_page       881250                       # number of hwpf spanning a virtual page
system.cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher.prefetcher.num_hwpf_squashed_from_miss            0                       # number of hwpf that got squashed due to a miss aborting calculation time
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.replacements          397283                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse       16205.229139                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.total_refs           2244912                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs          413530                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.avg_refs            5.428656                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle    2809069613500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  4639.805304                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.dtb.walker    13.151524                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.itb.walker     1.649414                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst   948.692737                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data  1410.057987                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher  9191.872173                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.283191                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000803                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000101                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.057904                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.086063                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher     0.561027                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.989089                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1022         8152                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         8085                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1022::0           51                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1022::1          237                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1022::2         3322                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1022::3         4084                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1022::4          458                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::2            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::3            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           63                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          501                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3682                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         3594                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          245                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1022     0.497559                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.000610                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.493469                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses        43590224                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.tags.data_accesses       43590224                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker        54156                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.itb.walker        12330                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1242747                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       407291                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total       1716524                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.Writeback_hits::writebacks       512497                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.Writeback_hits::total       512497                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data        15462                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.UpgradeReq_hits::total        15462                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data         2188                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total         2188                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data       216542                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::total       216542                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker        54156                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu0.itb.walker        12330                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1242747                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       623833                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_hits::total        1933066                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker        54156                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu0.itb.walker        12330                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1242747                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       623833                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_hits::total       1933066                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker          539                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.itb.walker          228                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst        21755                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data        91027                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total       113549                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data        27999                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.UpgradeReq_misses::total        27999                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data        18512                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total        18512                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data        52925                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total        52925                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker          539                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu0.itb.walker          228                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst        21755                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       143952                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_misses::total       166474                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker          539                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu0.itb.walker          228                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst        21755                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       143952                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_misses::total       166474                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker     14141500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker      5255000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    812129434                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2705700107                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3537226041                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    502587457                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    502587457                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    362338282                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    362338282                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeFailReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data       217500                       # number of SCUpgradeFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeFailReq_miss_latency::total       217500                       # number of SCUpgradeFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2594310029                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   2594310029                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker     14141500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker      5255000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    812129434                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   5300010136                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   6131536070                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker     14141500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker      5255000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    812129434                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   5300010136                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   6131536070                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker        54695                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker        12558                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1264502                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       498318                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1830073                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       512497                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::total       512497                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2cache.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data        43461                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2cache.UpgradeReq_accesses::total        43461                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data        20700                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total        20700                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data       269467                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total       269467                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker        54695                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker        12558                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1264502                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       767785                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_accesses::total      2099540                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker        54695                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker        12558                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1264502                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       767785                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_accesses::total      2099540                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.009855                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.018156                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.017204                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.182668                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.062046                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.644233                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.644233                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.894300                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.894300                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.196406                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.196406                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.009855                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.018156                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.017204                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.187490                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.079291                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.009855                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.018156                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.017204                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.187490                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.079291                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 26236.549165                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker 23048.245614                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 37330.702551                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 29724.148956                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31151.538464                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 17950.193114                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17950.193114                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 19573.156979                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19573.156979                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average SCUpgradeFailReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average SCUpgradeFailReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 49018.611790                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 49018.611790                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 26236.549165                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker 23048.245614                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 37330.702551                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 36817.898577                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 36831.793974                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 26236.549165                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker 23048.245614                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 37330.702551                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 36817.898577                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 36831.793974                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        59871                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs            1464                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.l2cache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    40.895492                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.l2cache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.l2cache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.l2cache.writebacks::writebacks       212118                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.l2cache.writebacks::total          212118                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.itb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst         5582                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         3121                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         8705                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         8957                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::total         8957                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.itb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst         5582                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        12078                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_mshr_hits::total        17662                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.itb.walker            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst         5582                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        12078                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_mshr_hits::total        17662                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker          538                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.itb.walker          227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst        16173                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        87906                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       104844                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.HardPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher       470726                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.HardPFReq_mshr_misses::total       470726                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        27999                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        27999                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        18512                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        18512                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        43968                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        43968                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker          538                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.itb.walker          227                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst        16173                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       131874                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       148812                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker          538                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.itb.walker          227                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst        16173                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       131874                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher       470726                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       619538                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker     10359500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker      3653000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    584863774                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2018675176                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2617551450                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher  21918972757                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  21918972757                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    483477329                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    483477329                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    250147229                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    250147229                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data       175500                       # number of SCUpgradeFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       175500                       # number of SCUpgradeFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1315007380                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1315007380                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker     10359500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker      3653000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    584863774                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3333682556                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3932558830                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker     10359500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker      3653000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    584863774                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3333682556                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher  21918972757                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  25851531587                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst    218357500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   4053329974                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   4271687474                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   3040369451                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3040369451                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst    218357500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   7093699425                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   7312056925                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.009836                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.018076                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.012790                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.176405                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.057290                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher          inf                       # mshr miss rate for HardPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for HardPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.644233                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.644233                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.894300                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.894300                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.163167                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.163167                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.009836                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.018076                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.012790                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.171759                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.070878                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.009836                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.018076                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.012790                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.171759                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher          inf                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.295083                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 19255.576208                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker 16092.511013                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 36162.973722                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 22964.020385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24966.154000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.HardPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher 46564.185443                       # average HardPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.HardPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46564.185443                       # average HardPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 17267.664167                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17267.664167                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 13512.706839                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13512.706839                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average SCUpgradeFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.SCUpgradeFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average SCUpgradeFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 29908.282842                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29908.282842                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 19255.576208                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker 16092.511013                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 36162.973722                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 25279.301121                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26426.355603                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 19255.576208                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker 16092.511013                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 36162.973722                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 25279.301121                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.l2cache.prefetcher 46564.185443                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41727.112117                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.l2cache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           712949                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          494.466444                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs           28841621                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           713461                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            40.424944                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle        256469000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data   494.466444                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.965755                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.965755                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          176                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          321                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         63482821                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        63482821                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data     15588564                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       15588564                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data     12071351                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      12071351                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu0.data       311001                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total       311001                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu0.data       363214                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       363214                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu0.data       360561                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       360561                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data     27659915                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        27659915                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data     27970916                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       27970916                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       638335                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       638335                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data      1832649                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1832649                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu0.data       146162                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total       146162                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu0.data        24977                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        24977                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu0.data        20700                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        20700                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data      2470984                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total       2470984                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data      2617146                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total      2617146                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   8102181310                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8102181310                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  25003432618                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  25003432618                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    396859499                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    396859499                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    455692776                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total    455692776                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data       235500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total       235500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  33105613928                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  33105613928                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  33105613928                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  33105613928                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data     16226899                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     16226899                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data     13904000                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     13904000                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu0.data       457163                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total       457163                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       388191                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       388191                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu0.data       381261                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       381261                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data     30130899                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     30130899                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data     30588062                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     30588062                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.039338                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.039338                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.131807                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.131807                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.319715                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.319715                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.064342                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.064342                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.054294                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.054294                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.082008                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.082008                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.085561                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.085561                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 12692.679095                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12692.679095                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 13643.328656                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13643.328656                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 15888.997838                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15888.997838                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 22014.143768                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22014.143768                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 13397.745161                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13397.745161                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 12649.509782                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12649.509782                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         1233                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      3385599                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               70                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets         191316                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    17.614286                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets    17.696371                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       512498                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           512498                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       248017                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       248017                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data      1519903                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total      1519903                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        18417                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total        18417                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data      1767920                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      1767920                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data      1767920                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      1767920                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       390318                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       390318                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       312746                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       312746                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       101547                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total       101547                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         6560                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total         6560                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        20700                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total        20700                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       703064                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       703064                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       804611                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       804611                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   4171307993                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4171307993                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   4996022111                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4996022111                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1423316745                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1423316745                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     98363500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     98363500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    413570224                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    413570224                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data       223500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       223500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   9167330104                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9167330104                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  10590646849                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  10590646849                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   4216535499                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   4216535499                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   3187175989                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3187175989                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   7403711488                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   7403711488                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.024054                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024054                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.022493                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022493                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.222124                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.222124                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.016899                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016899                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.054294                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.054294                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.023334                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023334                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.026305                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026305                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 10686.947548                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10686.947548                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 15974.695475                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15974.695475                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 14016.334751                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14016.334751                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 14994.435976                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14994.435976                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 19979.237874                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19979.237874                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 13039.111808                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13039.111808                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 13162.443527                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13162.443527                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups               33913093                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted         11564399                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect           305039                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups            18757536                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits               14959019                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct            79.749382                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS               12491385                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect              7180                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                    10162981                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                     18754                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                    6542585                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                     2848                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb                          66                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                     917                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_entries                    2050                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.dtb.align_faults                       49                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.prefetch_faults                   375                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.perms_faults                      394                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                10181735                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                6545433                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.hits                         16705566                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.misses                          21602                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.accesses                     16727168                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.inst_hits                    43643100                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.itb.inst_misses                      6996                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb                          66                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva                     917                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flush_entries                    1201                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.perms_faults                      544                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.inst_accesses                43650096                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.itb.hits                         43643100                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.misses                           6996                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.accesses                     43650096                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                       104633766                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.icacheStallCycles           9986103                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu1.fetch.Insts                     109171918                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu1.fetch.Branches                   33913093                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu1.fetch.predictedBranches          27450404                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu1.fetch.Cycles                     91805384                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu1.fetch.SquashCycles                3775592                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu1.fetch.TlbCycles                     78970                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu1.fetch.MiscStallCycles               32292                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu1.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       198987                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu1.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles       295254                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu1.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles         7461                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu1.fetch.CacheLines                 43642483                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu1.fetch.IcacheSquashes               116201                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu1.fetch.ItlbSquashes                   2279                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples         104292247                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean             1.296794                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.339797                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                47342099     45.39%     45.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                14034599     13.46%     58.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                 7535653      7.23%     66.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                35379896     33.92%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               3                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total           104292247                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                 0.324112                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                       1.043372                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.decode.IdleCycles                13023476                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu1.decode.BlockedCycles             61678123                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu1.decode.RunCycles                 26726804                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu1.decode.UnblockCycles              1110708                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu1.decode.SquashCycles               1753136                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu1.decode.BranchResolved              754254                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu1.decode.BranchMispred               137537                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu1.decode.DecodedInsts              68065454                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu1.decode.SquashedInsts              1169726                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu1.rename.SquashCycles               1753136                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu1.rename.IdleCycles                17456234                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu1.rename.BlockCycles                2244493                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles      56986986                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.RunCycles                 23381097                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu1.rename.UnblockCycles              2470301                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu1.rename.RenamedInsts              55158602                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu1.rename.SquashedInsts               230731                       # Number of squashed instructions processed by rename
system.cpu1.rename.ROBFullEvents               262273                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu1.rename.IQFullEvents                 35381                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu1.rename.LQFullEvents                 18008                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu1.rename.SQFullEvents               1443637                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu1.rename.RenamedOperands           54999686                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu1.rename.RenameLookups            260535269                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu1.rename.int_rename_lookups        58684549                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu1.rename.fp_rename_lookups             1692                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu1.rename.CommittedMaps             52221656                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu1.rename.UndoneMaps                 2778030                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts           1878103                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts       1805469                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                 13100518                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads            10455886                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores            6917101                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads           629442                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores          825387                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.iqInstsAdded                  54265513                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu1.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded             589015                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu1.iq.iqInstsIssued                 53909819                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued           113491                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        2298739                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      5813202                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         48820                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    104292247                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.516911                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.852558                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           71040936     68.12%     68.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1           16527616     15.85%     83.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2           13076642     12.54%     96.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            3359306      3.22%     99.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             287734      0.28%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                 13      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            5                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      104292247                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                2924694     45.09%     45.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                   678      0.01%     45.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     45.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0      0.00%     45.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     45.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     45.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     45.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     45.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     45.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     45.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     45.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     45.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     45.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     45.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     45.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     45.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     45.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     45.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     45.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     45.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     45.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     45.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     45.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     45.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     45.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     45.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     45.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     45.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     45.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead               1673523     25.80%     70.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite              1887909     29.10%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass               66      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             36727877     68.13%     68.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               46567      0.09%     68.21% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0      0.00%     68.21% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0      0.00%     68.21% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     68.21% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     68.21% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     68.21% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     68.21% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     68.21% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     68.21% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     68.21% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     68.21% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     68.21% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     68.21% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  2      0.00%     68.21% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     68.21% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     68.21% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 1      0.00%     68.21% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     68.21% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     68.21% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     68.21% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     68.21% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     68.21% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     68.21% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     68.21% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          3339      0.01%     68.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     68.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     68.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     68.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            10379543     19.25%     87.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            6752424     12.53%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total              53909819                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                          0.515224                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    6486804                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.120327                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         218706402                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         57161340                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     51920676                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads               5778                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes              2054                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses         1786                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses              60392866                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                   3691                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads           91423                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       489842                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          678                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        10158                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       359303                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        51794                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked        70407                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles               1753136                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                 542605                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles               110606                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           54906673                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             10455886                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             6917101                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts            301543                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                  9870                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                93230                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         10158                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         54900                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       127108                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts              182008                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts             53638957                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts             10277477                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           249277                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                        52145                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                    16965020                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                11808497                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                   6687543                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                    0.512635                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                      53498311                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                     51922462                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                 25227303                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                 38487680                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_penalized                        0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                      0.496230                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                    0.655464                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_penalized_rate                   0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu1.commit.commitSquashedInsts        3659313                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu1.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         540195                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu1.commit.branchMispredicts           170379                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    102361190                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.498018                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.158864                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     76777637     75.01%     75.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     14293980     13.96%     88.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      6079057      5.94%     94.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       703860      0.69%     95.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1980599      1.93%     97.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1570719      1.53%     99.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       440748      0.43%     99.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       123191      0.12%     99.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       391399      0.38%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    102361190                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts            41391892                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps              50977682                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                      16523842                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                      9966044                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                     209647                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                  11639863                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                      1784                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                 45828051                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls             3366801                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        34404842     67.49%     67.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult          45659      0.09%     67.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0      0.00%     67.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     67.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     67.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     67.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     67.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     67.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     67.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     67.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     67.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     67.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     67.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     67.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     67.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     67.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     67.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     67.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     67.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     67.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     67.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     67.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     67.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     67.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     67.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc         3339      0.01%     67.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     67.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     67.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     67.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        9966044     19.55%     87.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       6557798     12.86%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total         50977682                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events               391399                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.commit.bw_limited                       0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                   136568898                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                  111201426                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.timesIdled                          53211                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu1.idleCycles                         341519                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu1.quiesceCycles                  5543537240                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu1.committedInsts                   41359038                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                     50944828                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                              2.529889                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                        2.529889                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                              0.395274                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                        0.395274                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.int_regfile_reads                56284416                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu1.int_regfile_writes               35740317                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu1.fp_regfile_reads                     1413                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu1.fp_regfile_writes                     520                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu1.cc_regfile_reads                191161573                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu1.cc_regfile_writes                15561298                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu1.misc_regfile_reads              205957562                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu1.misc_regfile_writes                388863                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadReq       1295443                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp       865390                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteReq        11872                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteResp        11872                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.trans_dist::Writeback       116918                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.trans_dist::HardPFReq       158167                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq        36233                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq        84977                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        41950                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp        87258                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            9                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp           19                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq        79543                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp        66388                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.cpu1.l2cache.cpu_side      1215693                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu1.l2cache.cpu_side       825104                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.itb.walker.dma::system.cpu1.l2cache.cpu_side        17440                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dtb.walker.dma::system.cpu1.l2cache.cpu_side        38012                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.pkt_count::total          2096249                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.cpu1.l2cache.cpu_side     38897120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu1.l2cache.cpu_side     25415568                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.itb.walker.dma::system.cpu1.l2cache.cpu_side        31072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dtb.walker.dma::system.cpu1.l2cache.cpu_side        67528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.pkt_size::total          64411288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.snoops                     836156                       # Total snoops (count)
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::samples      1798706                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::mean       5.418986                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::stdev      0.493393                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::0                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::1                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::2                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::3                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::4                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::5           1045073     58.10%     58.10% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::6            753633     41.90%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            5                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            6                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::total       1798706                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy     658940429                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.snoopLayer0.occupancy     81408998                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.snoopLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy    913008604                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy    404124267                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.respLayer2.occupancy      9811221                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.respLayer2.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.respLayer3.occupancy     21199862                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu1.toL2Bus.respLayer3.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements           607230                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse          499.524831                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs           43017967                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs           607742                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs            70.783272                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle      78622263500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst   499.524831                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.975634                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.975634                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          495                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses         87892389                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses        87892389                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst     43017967                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       43017967                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::cpu1.inst     43017967                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total        43017967                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::cpu1.inst     43017967                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total       43017967                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst       624354                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       624354                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::cpu1.inst       624354                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total        624354                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::cpu1.inst       624354                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total       624354                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   5095463294                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   5095463294                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   5095463294                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   5095463294                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   5095463294                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   5095463294                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst     43642321                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     43642321                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst     43642321                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total     43642321                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst     43642321                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total     43642321                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.014306                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014306                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.014306                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.014306                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.014306                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.014306                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst  8161.176663                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total  8161.176663                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst  8161.176663                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total  8161.176663                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst  8161.176663                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total  8161.176663                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       277985                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs            36153                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     7.689127                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst        16607                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        16607                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst        16607                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total        16607                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst        16607                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total        16607                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       607747                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       607747                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       607747                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       607747                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       607747                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       607747                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   4104727229                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4104727229                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   4104727229                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4104727229                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   4104727229                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4104727229                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst      7919750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7919750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst      7919750                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7919750                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.013926                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013926                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.013926                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013926                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.013926                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013926                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst  6754.006567                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  6754.006567                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst  6754.006567                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  6754.006567                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst  6754.006567                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  6754.006567                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher.prefetcher.num_hwpf_identified      4841798                       # number of hwpf identified
system.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher.prefetcher.num_hwpf_already_in_mshr        42982                       # number of hwpf that were already in mshr
system.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher.prefetcher.num_hwpf_already_in_cache      4639721                       # number of hwpf that were already in the cache
system.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher.prefetcher.num_hwpf_already_in_prefetcher        43013                       # number of hwpf that were already in the prefetch queue
system.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher.prefetcher.num_hwpf_evicted            0                       # number of hwpf removed due to no buffer left
system.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher.prefetcher.num_hwpf_removed_MSHR_hit         6040                       # number of hwpf removed because MSHR allocated
system.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher.prefetcher.num_hwpf_issued       110042                       # number of hwpf issued
system.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher.prefetcher.num_hwpf_span_page       564522                       # number of hwpf spanning a virtual page
system.cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher.prefetcher.num_hwpf_squashed_from_miss            0                       # number of hwpf that got squashed due to a miss aborting calculation time
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.replacements           85604                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse       15613.661542                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.total_refs            844840                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs          100686                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.avg_refs            8.390839                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  5991.162043                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.dtb.walker    14.384982                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.itb.walker     1.931077                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst   706.431382                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data  1962.742096                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher  6937.009962                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.365672                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000878                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.itb.walker     0.000118                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.043117                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.119796                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher     0.423401                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.952982                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1022         9479                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         5582                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1022::2          323                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1022::3         8003                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1022::4         1153                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::2            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::3            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          418                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4223                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          941                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1022     0.578552                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.001282                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.340698                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses        16875679                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.tags.data_accesses       16875679                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker        16408                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.itb.walker         7497                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst       601881                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data       101311                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total        727097                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.Writeback_hits::writebacks       116917                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.Writeback_hits::total       116917                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data         2261                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.UpgradeReq_hits::total         2261                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data          836                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total          836                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::cpu1.data        28901                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::total        28901                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker        16408                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu1.itb.walker         7497                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu1.inst       601881                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu1.data       130212                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_hits::total         755998                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker        16408                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu1.itb.walker         7497                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu1.inst       601881                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu1.data       130212                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_hits::total        755998                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker          474                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.itb.walker          271                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst         5861                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data        72219                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total        78825                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.Writeback_misses::writebacks            1                       # number of Writeback misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.Writeback_misses::total            1                       # number of Writeback misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data        28423                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.UpgradeReq_misses::total        28423                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data        22608                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total        22608                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeFailReq_misses::cpu1.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeFailReq misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeFailReq_misses::total            3                       # number of SCUpgradeFailReq misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1.data        32938                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total        32938                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker          474                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu1.itb.walker          271                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu1.inst         5861                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu1.data       105157                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_misses::total       111763                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker          474                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu1.itb.walker          271                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu1.inst         5861                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu1.data       105157                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_misses::total       111763                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker     10500499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker      5483500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    182847956                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1610079123                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1808911078                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    536990378                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    536990378                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    443102047                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    443102047                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeFailReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data       554000                       # number of SCUpgradeFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeFailReq_miss_latency::total       554000                       # number of SCUpgradeFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1287438029                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   1287438029                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker     10500499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker      5483500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    182847956                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2897517152                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   3096349107                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker     10500499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker      5483500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    182847956                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2897517152                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   3096349107                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker        16882                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker         7768                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst       607742                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data       173530                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total       805922                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       116918                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::total       116918                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2cache.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data        30684                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2cache.UpgradeReq_accesses::total        30684                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data        23444                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total        23444                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeFailReq_accesses::cpu1.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeFailReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeFailReq_accesses::total            3                       # number of SCUpgradeFailReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1.data        61839                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total        61839                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker        16882                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker         7768                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst       607742                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu1.data       235369                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_accesses::total       867761                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker        16882                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker         7768                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst       607742                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu1.data       235369                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_accesses::total       867761                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.028077                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.itb.walker     0.034887                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.009644                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.416176                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.097807                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.Writeback_miss_rate::writebacks     0.000009                       # miss rate for Writeback accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.Writeback_miss_rate::total     0.000009                       # miss rate for Writeback accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.926313                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.926313                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.964341                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.964341                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeFailReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeFailReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeFailReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeFailReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.532641                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.532641                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.028077                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.itb.walker     0.034887                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.009644                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.446775                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.128795                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.028077                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.itb.walker     0.034887                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.009644                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.446775                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.128795                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker 22152.951477                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker 20234.317343                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 31197.399079                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 22294.397915                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22948.443742                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 18892.811385                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18892.811385                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 19599.347443                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19599.347443                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 184666.666667                       # average SCUpgradeFailReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total 184666.666667                       # average SCUpgradeFailReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 39086.709242                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 39086.709242                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker 22152.951477                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker 20234.317343                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 31197.399079                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 27554.201356                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 27704.599080                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker 22152.951477                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker 20234.317343                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 31197.399079                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 27554.201356                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 27704.599080                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        23432                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs             464                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.l2cache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    50.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.l2cache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.l2cache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.l2cache.writebacks::writebacks        40723                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.l2cache.writebacks::total           40723                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.itb.walker           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst         1292                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data           76                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1382                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data         1310                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::total         1310                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.itb.walker           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst         1292                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.data         1386                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2692                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.itb.walker           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst         1292                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.data         1386                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2692                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker          474                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.itb.walker          257                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         4569                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        72143                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        77443                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.Writeback_mshr_misses::writebacks            1                       # number of Writeback MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.Writeback_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of Writeback MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.HardPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher       110035                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.HardPFReq_mshr_misses::total       110035                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        28423                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        28423                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        22608                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        22608                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeFailReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeFailReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeFailReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of SCUpgradeFailReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        31628                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        31628                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker          474                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.itb.walker          257                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         4569                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       103771                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       109071                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker          474                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.itb.walker          257                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         4569                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       103771                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher       110035                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       219106                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker      7180501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker      3513000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    126144777                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1103468683                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1240306961                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher   3485961286                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3485961286                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    417373575                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    417373575                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    308955268                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    308955268                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data       463000                       # number of SCUpgradeFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       463000                       # number of SCUpgradeFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    944601401                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    944601401                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker      7180501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker      3513000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    126144777                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2048070084                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2184908362                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker      7180501                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker      3513000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    126144777                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2048070084                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher   3485961286                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5670869648                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst      7061250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data   2181994006                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   2189055256                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data   1737322501                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1737322501                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst      7061250                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data   3919316507                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3926377757                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.028077                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.itb.walker     0.033084                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.007518                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.415738                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.096092                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.Writeback_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks     0.000009                       # mshr miss rate for Writeback accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.Writeback_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000009                       # mshr miss rate for Writeback accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher          inf                       # mshr miss rate for HardPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for HardPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.926313                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.926313                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.964341                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.964341                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeFailReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeFailReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeFailReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeFailReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.511457                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.511457                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.028077                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.itb.walker     0.033084                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.007518                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.440886                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.125692                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.028077                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.itb.walker     0.033084                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.007518                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.440886                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher          inf                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.252496                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker 15148.736287                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker 13669.260700                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 27608.837163                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 15295.575219                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16015.740106                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.HardPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher 31680.476994                       # average HardPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.HardPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31680.476994                       # average HardPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 14684.360377                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14684.360377                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 13665.749646                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13665.749646                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 154333.333333                       # average SCUpgradeFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.SCUpgradeFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 154333.333333                       # average SCUpgradeFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 29865.985867                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29865.985867                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker 15148.736287                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker 13669.260700                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 27608.837163                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 19736.439699                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20031.982488                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker 15148.736287                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker 13669.260700                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 27608.837163                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 19736.439699                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.l2cache.prefetcher 31680.476994                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25881.854664                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.l2cache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements           191151                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          472.645791                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs           15740842                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           191475                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs            82.208341                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle     102871069000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data   472.645791                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.923136                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.923136                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          324                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          320                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.632812                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         32982505                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses        32982505                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data      9573878                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        9573878                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu1.data      5910219                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       5910219                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu1.data        49544                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        49544                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu1.data        79107                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        79107                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu1.data        70933                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        70933                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::cpu1.data     15484097                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total        15484097                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::cpu1.data     15533641                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total       15533641                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data       219762                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       219762                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu1.data       398432                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       398432                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu1.data        30092                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total        30092                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu1.data        18147                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        18147                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu1.data        23447                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        23447                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::cpu1.data       618194                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total        618194                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::cpu1.data       648286                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total       648286                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   3451433990                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3451433990                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   8738929077                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   8738929077                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    362617750                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    362617750                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    543339293                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total    543339293                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data       593000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total       593000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data  12190363067                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  12190363067                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data  12190363067                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  12190363067                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data      9793640                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9793640                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu1.data      6308651                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6308651                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu1.data        79636                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        79636                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu1.data        97254                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        97254                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu1.data        94380                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        94380                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu1.data     16102291                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16102291                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu1.data     16181927                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16181927                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.022439                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022439                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.063156                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.063156                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.377869                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.377869                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.186594                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.186594                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.248432                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.248432                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.038392                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.038392                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.040062                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.040062                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 15705.326626                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15705.326626                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 21933.301233                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21933.301233                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 19982.242244                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19982.242244                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 23173.083678                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23173.083678                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 19719.316375                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 19719.316375                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 18803.989392                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 18803.989392                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          573                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      1116254                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               47                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets          39673                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    12.191489                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets    28.136365                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       116918                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total           116918                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data        79804                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        79804                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data       306588                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total       306588                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data        13195                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total        13195                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.data       386392                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       386392                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.data       386392                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       386392                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       139958                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       139958                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        91844                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        91844                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        28639                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total        28639                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         4952                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total         4952                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        23447                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total        23447                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       231802                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       231802                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       260441                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       260441                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1829576308                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1829576308                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2203829941                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2203829941                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    493924497                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    493924497                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     86545750                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     86545750                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    495264707                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    495264707                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data       567000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       567000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4033406249                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4033406249                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4527330746                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4527330746                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data   2298504494                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   2298504494                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data   1826458496                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1826458496                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data   4124962990                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   4124962990                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.014291                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014291                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.014558                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014558                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.359624                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.359624                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.050918                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.050918                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.248432                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.248432                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.014396                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014396                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.016095                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016095                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 13072.323897                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13072.323897                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 23995.361058                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23995.361058                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 17246.569259                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17246.569259                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 17476.928514                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17476.928514                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 21122.732418                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21122.732418                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 17400.221952                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17400.221952                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 17383.325767                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17383.325767                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.iocache.tags.replacements                36453                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse               14.560241                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                36469                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle         254140751000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::realview.ide    14.560241                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::realview.ide     0.910015                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.910015                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::3           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses               328407                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses              328407                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_hits::realview.ide        36224                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq hits
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_hits::total        36224                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq hits
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::realview.ide          247                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              247                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_misses::realview.ide           21                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq misses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_misses::total           21                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::realview.ide          247                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total               247                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::realview.ide          247                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total              247                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::realview.ide     30846377                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     30846377                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::realview.ide     30846377                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total     30846377                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::realview.ide     30846377                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total     30846377                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::realview.ide          247                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            247                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_accesses::realview.ide        36245                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_accesses::total        36245                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::realview.ide          247                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total             247                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::realview.ide          247                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total            247                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::realview.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_miss_rate::realview.ide     0.000579                       # miss rate for WriteInvalidateReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.000579                       # miss rate for WriteInvalidateReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::realview.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::realview.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::realview.ide 124884.117409                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 124884.117409                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::realview.ide 124884.117409                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 124884.117409                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::realview.ide 124884.117409                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 124884.117409                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                      36224                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::realview.ide          247                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          247                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::realview.ide          247                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total          247                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::realview.ide          247                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total          247                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ide     18001377                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     18001377                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ide   2249753293                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2249753293                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ide     18001377                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     18001377                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ide     18001377                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     18001377                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::realview.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::realview.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::realview.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ide 72880.068826                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72880.068826                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ide          inf                       # average WriteInvalidateReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteInvalidateReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ide 72880.068826                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72880.068826                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ide 72880.068826                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72880.068826                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                    1866                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                    2758                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
