
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  2.817969                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                2817968959500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2817968959500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 310224                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   376688                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             6925358539                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 560716                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   406.91                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   126231917                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     153276568                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.physmem.bytes_read::realview.ide           960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.itb.walker           64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.inst           652900                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.data          4386464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.dtb.walker           64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.inst           130944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.data          1051396                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu2.dtb.walker         6080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu2.inst           516160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu2.data          4232384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             10977672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst       652900                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst       130944                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu2.inst       516160                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         1300004                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      5945344                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::realview.ide      2318336                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu0.data         17516                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu1.data             8                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           8281204                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::realview.ide             15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.dtb.walker            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.itb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.inst             18655                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.data             69057                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.inst              2046                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.data             16429                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu2.dtb.walker           95                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu2.inst              8065                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu2.data             66131                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                180499                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           92896                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::realview.ide         36224                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu0.data             4379                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu1.data                2                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total               133501                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::realview.ide              341                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.dtb.walker            91                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.itb.walker            23                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.inst              231692                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.data             1556605                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.dtb.walker            23                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.inst               46468                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.data              373104                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu2.dtb.walker          2158                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu2.inst              183167                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu2.data             1501927                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                 3895597                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst         231692                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst          46468                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu2.inst         183167                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             461327                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           2109798                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::realview.ide          822697                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu0.data               6216                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu1.data                  3                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                2938714                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           2109798                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::realview.ide          823038                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.dtb.walker           91                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.itb.walker           23                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.inst             231692                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.data            1562821                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.dtb.walker           23                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.inst              46468                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.data             373107                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu2.dtb.walker         2158                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu2.inst             183167                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu2.data            1501927                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total                6834311                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                         92768                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.physmem.writeReqs                        67796                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.physmem.readBursts                       92768                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.writeBursts                      67796                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.physmem.bytesReadDRAM                  5932800                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadWrQ                      4352                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.physmem.bytesWritten                   4337152                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadSys                   5937092                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.bytesWrittenSys                4338824                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                       68                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.mergedWrBursts                       1                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           2466                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::0                6044                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::1                5813                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::2                5577                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::3                6085                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::4                5556                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::5                5466                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::6                6173                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::7                6793                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::8                6458                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::9                6393                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::10               5737                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::11               5119                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::12               5308                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::13               5463                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::14               5329                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::15               5386                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::0                4258                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::1                3939                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::2                4228                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::3                4685                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::4                4137                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::5                4140                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::6                4393                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::7                4905                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::8                4554                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::9                4640                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::10               4209                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::11               3550                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::12               4025                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::13               4273                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::14               3934                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::15               3898                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           8                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    2816402816000                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       1                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                   92767                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      2                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                  67794                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                     61106                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                     28126                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                      2948                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                       515                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                        57                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                        54                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                        53                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                        53                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                        53                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                        51                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                        51                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                        51                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                        51                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                        52                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                       49                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                       49                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                       49                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                       49                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                       49                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                     1103                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                     1433                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                     2578                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                     3235                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                     3367                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                     3811                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                     3969                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                     4287                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                     4633                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                     5129                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                     4765                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                     4457                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                     4164                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                     4227                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                     3503                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                     3412                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                     3490                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::32                     3324                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::33                      165                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::34                      138                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::35                      132                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::36                      127                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::37                      120                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::38                      109                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::39                      122                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::40                      111                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::41                      107                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::42                       96                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::43                       96                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::44                       85                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::45                       84                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::46                       81                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::47                       77                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::48                       60                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::49                       60                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::50                       55                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::51                       41                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::52                       34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::53                       28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::54                       27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::55                       22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::56                       25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::57                       23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::58                       20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::59                       22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::60                       24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::61                       19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::62                       12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::63                       15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples        32855                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      312.580247                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     179.443796                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev     339.847473                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::0-127          12759     38.83%     38.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-255         7721     23.50%     62.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2992      9.11%     71.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1702      5.18%     76.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1346      4.10%     80.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-767          768      2.34%     83.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-895          529      1.61%     84.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          557      1.70%     86.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         4481     13.64%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total          32855                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::samples          3254                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::mean        28.483712                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      540.107069                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::0-1023           3253     99.97%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::30720-31743            1      0.03%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::total            3254                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::samples          3254                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::mean        20.826060                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::gmean       18.875262                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       13.591008                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::0-3                 4      0.12%      0.12% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::4-7                 2      0.06%      0.18% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::8-11                2      0.06%      0.25% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::12-15               2      0.06%      0.31% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::16-19            2712     83.34%     83.65% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::20-23              41      1.26%     84.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::24-27              34      1.04%     85.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::28-31             139      4.27%     90.23% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::32-35             131      4.03%     94.25% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::36-39               8      0.25%     94.50% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::40-43               4      0.12%     94.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::44-47               9      0.28%     94.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::48-51              18      0.55%     95.45% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::52-55               3      0.09%     95.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::56-59               7      0.22%     95.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::60-63               4      0.12%     95.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::64-67              99      3.04%     98.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::68-71               2      0.06%     98.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::72-75               4      0.12%     99.11% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::76-79               3      0.09%     99.20% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::80-83               3      0.09%     99.29% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::88-91               1      0.03%     99.32% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::96-99               3      0.09%     99.42% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::108-111             2      0.06%     99.48% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::112-115             2      0.06%     99.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::128-131             9      0.28%     99.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::132-135             1      0.03%     99.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::136-139             1      0.03%     99.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::140-143             2      0.06%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::144-147             1      0.03%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::152-155             1      0.03%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::total            3254                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.totQLat                     1185317250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                2923442250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.physmem.totBusLat                    463500000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.physmem.avgQLat                       12786.59                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  31536.59                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgRdBW                           2.11                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           1.54                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgRdBWSys                        2.11                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBWSys                        1.54                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.busUtilRead                       0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.physmem.busUtilWrite                      0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                         8.01                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.readRowHits                      76736                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                     50876                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   82.78                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  75.04                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                     17540686.68                       # Average gap between requests
system.physmem.pageHitRate                      79.51                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::IDLE     2704844342250                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::REF       94098160000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN             0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::ACT       19026363250                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN             0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.actEnergy::0                 129865680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.actEnergy::1                 118518120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.preEnergy::0                  70859250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.preEnergy::1                  64667625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.readEnergy::0                370554600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.readEnergy::1                352489800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.writeEnergy::0               224758800                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.writeEnergy::1               214377840                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.refreshEnergy::0          184056000960                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.refreshEnergy::1          184056000960                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.actBackEnergy::0           70810444215                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.actBackEnergy::1           69981019830                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.preBackEnergy::0          1628666804250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.preBackEnergy::1          1629394369500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.totalEnergy::0            1884329287755                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.totalEnergy::1            1884181443675                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.averagePower::0             668.683537                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.physmem.averagePower::1             668.631072                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_read::cpu0.inst           24                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_read::total            24                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst           24                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_inst_read::total           24                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.num_reads::cpu0.inst            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.realview.nvmem.num_reads::total              6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bw_read::cpu0.inst            9                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_read::total                9                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst            9                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_inst_read::total            9                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_total::cpu0.inst            9                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_total::total               9                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               74237                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              74236                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq              27571                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp             27571                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback             92896                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq        36224                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp        36224                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             4548                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq              3                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            4551                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            137042                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           137042                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.bridge.slave       105462                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.nvmem.port           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         1990                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port       471729                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::total       579193                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port        72827                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total        72827                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 652020                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.bridge.slave       159119                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.nvmem.port           24                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         3980                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port     16939580                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::total     17102703                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port      2326464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total      2326464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                19429167                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                              125                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            304844                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                  304844    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              304844                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy            40698500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy              463500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer5.occupancy           735391250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer5.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy          906935534                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer3.occupancy           23918727                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer3.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.l2c.tags.replacements                   100821                       # number of replacements
system.l2c.tags.tagsinuse                65118.790978                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2c.tags.total_refs                    2895106                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.sampled_refs                   166061                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.avg_refs                    17.433991                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   49797.187016                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.dtb.walker     1.939323                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000095                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst     5291.837037                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     2854.503749                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.969196                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst     1121.421966                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data      949.242692                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.dtb.walker    58.966166                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst     3505.210474                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data     1537.513263                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::writebacks      0.759845                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000030                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst       0.080747                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data       0.043556                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000015                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst       0.017112                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data       0.014484                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000900                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst       0.053485                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data       0.023461                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::total           0.993634                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           47                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        65193                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4           47                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           22                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          317                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3115                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         8083                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        53656                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.000717                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.994766                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2c.tags.tag_accesses                 27447983                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2c.tags.data_accesses                27447983                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker         4963                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.itb.walker         2545                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst             856871                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data             242835                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker         1453                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.itb.walker          744                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst             248099                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data              77823                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.dtb.walker        27437                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.itb.walker         6484                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.inst             674506                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.data             203103                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::total                2346863                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::writebacks          692569                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::total               692569                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data              10                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data               4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu2.data              40                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  54                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu2.data            12                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total                12                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data            81755                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu1.data            19470                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu2.data            56351                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::total               157576                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker          4963                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.itb.walker          2545                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.inst              856871                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.data              324590                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker          1453                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.itb.walker           744                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.inst              248099                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.data               97293                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu2.dtb.walker         27437                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu2.itb.walker          6484                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu2.inst              674506                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu2.data              259454                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::total                 2504439                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker         4963                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.itb.walker         2545                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.inst             856871                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.data             324590                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker         1453                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.itb.walker          744                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.inst             248099                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.data              97293                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu2.dtb.walker        27437                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu2.itb.walker         6484                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu2.inst             674506                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu2.data             259454                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::total                2504439                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst             9638                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data             6914                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst             2046                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data             2575                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.dtb.walker           95                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.inst             8072                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.data             4575                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::total                33921                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data          1285                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data           366                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu2.data          1066                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::total              2717                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu2.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total               3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data          62387                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1.data          14112                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu2.data          62374                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::total             138873                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.inst              9638                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.data             69301                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.inst              2046                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.data             16687                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu2.dtb.walker           95                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu2.inst              8072                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu2.data             66949                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::total                172794                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.inst             9638                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.data            69301                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.inst             2046                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.data            16687                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu2.dtb.walker           95                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu2.inst             8072                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu2.data            66949                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::total               172794                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        74500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    148548750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    192290250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker      7339250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    615969000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data    366986496                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     1331208246                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data        22999                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data       325486                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       348485                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    994399991                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data   4662408726                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   5656808717                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        74500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    148548750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1186690241                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker      7339250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    615969000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data   5029395222                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::total      6988016963                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        74500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    148548750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1186690241                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker      7339250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    615969000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data   5029395222                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::total     6988016963                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker         4967                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker         2546                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst         866509                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data         249749                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker         1454                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker          744                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst         250145                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data          80398                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.dtb.walker        27532                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.itb.walker         6484                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.inst         682578                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.data         207678                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::total            2380784                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       692569                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::total           692569                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data         1295                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data          370                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2.data         1106                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            2771                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2.data           13                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total            15                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data       144142                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1.data        33582                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu2.data       118725                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::total           296449                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker         4967                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker         2546                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst          866509                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.data          393891                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker         1454                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker          744                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst          250145                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.data          113980                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu2.dtb.walker        27532                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu2.itb.walker         6484                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst          682578                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu2.data          326403                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::total             2677233                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker         4967                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker         2546                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst         866509                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.data         393891                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker         1454                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker          744                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst         250145                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.data         113980                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu2.dtb.walker        27532                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu2.itb.walker         6484                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst         682578                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu2.data         326403                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::total            2677233                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000805                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000393                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.011123                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.027684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000688                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.008179                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.032028                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.dtb.walker     0.003451                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst      0.011826                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data      0.022029                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.014248                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.992278                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.989189                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.963834                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.980512                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.076923                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.200000                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.432816                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.420225                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.525365                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.468455                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000805                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000393                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.011123                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.175940                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000688                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst       0.008179                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data       0.146403                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.dtb.walker     0.003451                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst       0.011826                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data       0.205111                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::total           0.064542                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000805                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000393                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.011123                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.175940                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000688                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.008179                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.146403                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.dtb.walker     0.003451                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst      0.011826                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data      0.205111                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::total          0.064542                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        74500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 72604.472141                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 74675.825243                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker 77255.263158                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 76309.340932                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 80215.627541                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 39244.369152                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data    62.838798                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data   305.333959                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total   128.260950                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 70464.851970                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 74749.234072                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40733.682696                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        74500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 72604.472141                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 71114.654581                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker 77255.263158                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 76309.340932                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 75122.783343                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 40441.317193                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        74500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 72604.472141                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 71114.654581                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker 77255.263158                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 76309.340932                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 75122.783343                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 40441.317193                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2c.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2c.writebacks::writebacks               92896                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.writebacks::total                    92896                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst             6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data            44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                50                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst              6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.data             44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::total                 50                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst             6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.data            44                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::total                50                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         2046                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         2575                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.dtb.walker           95                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         8066                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data         4531                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           17314                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          366                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data         1066                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         1432                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        14112                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        62374                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         76486                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         2046                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        16687                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.dtb.walker           95                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         8066                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        66905                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::total            93800                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         2046                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        16687                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.dtb.walker           95                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         8066                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        66905                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::total           93800                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        62500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    122695750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    160078750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker      6163250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    514237000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    307639996                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1110877246                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data      3660366                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data     10666566                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14326932                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data        10001                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        10001                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    813880009                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   3892439774                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4706319783                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        62500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    122695750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    973958759                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker      6163250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    514237000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   4200079770                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5817197029                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        62500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    122695750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    973958759                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker      6163250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    514237000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   4200079770                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5817197029                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    943995500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data   1580248500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   2524244000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    723617500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data   1233115000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1956732500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data   1667613000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data   2813363500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   4480976500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000688                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.008179                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.032028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.dtb.walker     0.003451                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.011817                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.021817                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007272                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.989189                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.963834                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.516781                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.076923                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.066667                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.420225                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.525365                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.258007                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000688                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.008179                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.146403                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.dtb.walker     0.003451                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.011817                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.204977                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.035036                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000688                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.008179                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.146403                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.dtb.walker     0.003451                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.011817                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.204977                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.035036                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        62500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 59968.597263                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 62166.504854                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker 64876.315789                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 63753.657327                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 67896.710660                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64160.635671                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data        10001                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 10006.159475                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10004.840782                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data        10001                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        10001                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 57672.903132                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 62404.844551                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61531.780757                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        62500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 59968.597263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 58366.318631                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker 64876.315789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 63753.657327                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 62776.769599                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62017.025896                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        62500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 59968.597263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 58366.318631                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker 64876.315789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 63753.657327                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 62776.769599                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62017.025896                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.realview.ethernet.descDMAReads               0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDMAWrites              0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.postedSwi                  0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedSwi             nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalSwi                   0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxIdle               0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle          nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxIdle                0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxOk                 0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxOk            nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxOk                  0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxDesc               0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc          nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxDesc                0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxOk                 0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxOk            nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxOk                  0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxIdle               0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle          nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxIdle                0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxDesc               0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc          nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxDesc                0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxOrn                0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn           nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxOrn                 0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTotal           nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.droppedPackets             0                       # number of packets dropped
system.cf0.dma_read_full_pages                      0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_bytes                        1024                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_txs                             1                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_write_full_pages                   540                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_bytes                    2318336                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_txs                          631                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadReq            2443721                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           2443718                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteReq             27571                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteResp            27571                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::Writeback           692569                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq        22776                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            2771                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            15                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           2786                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           296449                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          296449                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      3616609                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      2484136                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.itb.walker.dma::system.l2c.cpu_side        29317                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2c.cpu_side        88397                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count::total               6218459                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side    115187260                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side     97908723                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.itb.walker.dma::system.l2c.cpu_side        49396                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2c.cpu_side       156136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size::total              213301515                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.snoops                           51755                       # Total snoops (count)
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::samples          3431770                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::mean            5.010631                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.102558                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::5                3395286     98.94%     98.94% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::6                  36484      1.06%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              5                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              6                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::total            3431770                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         2368040184                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.snoopLayer0.occupancy           553500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.snoopLayer0.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy        4200557665                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy        2014921824                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer2.occupancy          11880425                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer2.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer3.occupancy          39622630                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer3.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                30188                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp               30188                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq               59010                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp              45563                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            9                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp        13456                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart.pio        54174                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.realview_io.pio          116                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.timer0.pio           34                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.timer1.pio           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.kmi0.pio          120                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.kmi1.pio          834                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.rtc.pio           32                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart1_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart2_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart3_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.sp810_fake.pio           76                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.watchdog_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.aaci_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.lan_fake.pio            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.usb_fake.pio           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.mmc_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ide.pio         7244                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ide-pciconf          210                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ethernet.pio        42268                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ethernet-pciconf          164                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.pciconfig.pio           60                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total       105462                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.realview.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side        72952                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.realview.ide.dma::total        72952                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                  178414                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart.pio        67891                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.realview_io.pio          232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.timer0.pio           68                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.timer1.pio           40                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.kmi0.pio           84                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.kmi1.pio          441                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.rtc.pio           64                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart1_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart2_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart3_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.sp810_fake.pio          152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.watchdog_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.aaci_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.lan_fake.pio            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.usb_fake.pio           20                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.mmc_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ide.pio         4753                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ide-pciconf          265                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ethernet.pio        84536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ethernet-pciconf          253                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.pciconfig.pio          120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total       159119                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.realview.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side      2321248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.realview.ide.dma::total      2321248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                  2480367                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.occupancy             18213000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.occupancy                 1000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy                 8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer3.occupancy                 8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer3.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer10.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer10.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer14.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer14.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer15.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer15.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy                2000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.occupancy             2719000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer24.occupancy                1000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer24.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.occupancy            15730000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer26.occupancy               25000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer26.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.occupancy           205242577                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy            39802000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer3.occupancy            23020273                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer3.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                    14476225                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                      4878                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                   11074159                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                      931                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb                         189                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                     442                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_entries                    3272                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.prefetch_faults                   947                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.perms_faults                      215                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                14481103                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses               11075090                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.hits                         25550384                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.misses                           5809                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.accesses                     25556193                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.inst_hits                    67954631                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.itb.inst_misses                      2810                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb                         189                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva                     442                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flush_entries                    2005                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.inst_accesses                67957441                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.itb.hits                         67954631                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.misses                           2810                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.accesses                     67957441                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                        82556870                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   66160123                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                     80652277                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses             70891568                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                  5582                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                    7292026                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts      8778447                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                    70891568                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                         5582                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads          131506227                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes          49334420                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                4358                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes               1228                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads           245867738                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes           29383073                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                     26220754                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                   14652166                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                  11568588                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              77950731.061702                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              4606138.938298                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.055794                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.944206                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                         16465385                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                 2193      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                 55784741     67.97%     67.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                   58719      0.07%     68.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     68.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     68.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     68.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     68.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     68.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     68.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     68.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     68.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     68.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     68.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     68.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     68.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     68.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     68.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     68.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     68.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     68.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     68.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     68.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     68.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     68.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     68.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     68.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc              4540      0.01%     68.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     68.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     68.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     68.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                14652166     17.85%     85.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite               11568588     14.10%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                  82070947                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                    3056                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements          1798781                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.545341                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs          100889008                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs          1799292                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs            56.071504                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle      10926866250                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst   477.678395                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst    21.508688                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst    12.358258                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.932966                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.042009                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.024137                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999112                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          511                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          118                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          231                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          162                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses        104537930                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses       104537930                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst     67090157                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst     21677955                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.inst     12120896                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      100889008                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst     67090157                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu1.inst     21677955                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu2.inst     12120896                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total       100889008                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst     67090157                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu1.inst     21677955                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu2.inst     12120896                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total      100889008                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst       866515                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst       250147                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.inst       732935                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      1849597                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst       866515                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu1.inst       250147                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu2.inst       732935                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total       1849597                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst       866515                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu1.inst       250147                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu2.inst       732935                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total      1849597                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   3389079250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst  10061046680                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  13450125930                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   3389079250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst  10061046680                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  13450125930                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   3389079250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst  10061046680                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  13450125930                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst     67956672                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst     21928102                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.inst     12853831                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    102738605                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst     67956672                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst     21928102                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst     12853831                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total    102738605                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst     67956672                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst     21928102                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst     12853831                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total    102738605                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.012751                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.011408                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.057021                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.018003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.012751                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.011408                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.057021                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.018003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.012751                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.011408                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.057021                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.018003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13548.350570                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 13727.065401                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total  7271.922440                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13548.350570                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 13727.065401                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total  7271.922440                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13548.350570                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 13727.065401                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total  7271.922440                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         5408                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs              341                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    15.859238                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst        50271                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        50271                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst        50271                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total        50271                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst        50271                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total        50271                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       250147                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst       682664                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       932811                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       250147                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst       682664                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       932811                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       250147                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst       682664                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       932811                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   2888042750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   8209155812                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11097198562                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   2888042750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   8209155812                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  11097198562                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   2888042750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   8209155812                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  11097198562                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.011408                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.053110                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009079                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.011408                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.053110                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009079                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.011408                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.053110                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009079                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 11545.382315                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 12025.177557                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11896.513401                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 11545.382315                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 12025.177557                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11896.513401                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 11545.382315                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 12025.177557                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11896.513401                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           833731                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          511.996800                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs           47004235                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           834243                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            56.343577                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle         23054000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data   485.853552                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data    16.631337                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data     9.511911                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.948933                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.032483                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.018578                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999994                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          195                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          299                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        198572858                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses       198572858                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data     13788624                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data      4405133                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.data      8515109                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       26708866                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data     10680775                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu1.data      3155078                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu2.data      5164116                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      18999969                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu0.data       190600                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu1.data        60611                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu2.data       130493                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total       381704                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu0.data       235254                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu1.data        80501                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu2.data       135396                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       451151                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu0.data       236603                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu1.data        83020                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu2.data       140074                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       459697                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data     24469399                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu1.data      7560211                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu2.data     13679225                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        45708835                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data     24659999                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu1.data      7620822                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu2.data     13809718                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       46090539                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       190274                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data        59406                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.data       316505                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       566185                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       145437                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu1.data        33952                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu2.data      1529558                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1708947                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu0.data        55030                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu1.data        20141                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu2.data        65518                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total       140689                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu0.data         4445                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu1.data         3284                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu2.data         9694                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        17423                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu0.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu2.data           13                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           15                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       335711                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu1.data        93358                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu2.data      1846063                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total       2275132                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       390741                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu1.data       113499                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu2.data      1911581                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total      2415821                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    905009250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data   5267719081                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   6172728331                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1312526367                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data  70730774620                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  72043300987                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     46439000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data    132211248                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    178650248                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data       181001                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total       181001                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2217535617                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data  75998493701                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  78216029318                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2217535617                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data  75998493701                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  78216029318                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data     13978898                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data      4464539                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.data      8831614                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     27275051                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data     10826212                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu1.data      3189030                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu2.data      6693674                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     20708916                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu0.data       245630                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu1.data        80752                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu2.data       196011                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total       522393                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       239699                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu1.data        83785                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu2.data       145090                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       468574                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu0.data       236605                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu1.data        83020                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu2.data       140087                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       459712                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data     24805110                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu1.data      7653569                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu2.data     15525288                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     47983967                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data     25050740                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu1.data      7734321                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu2.data     15721299                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     48506360                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.013612                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.013306                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.035838                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.020758                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.013434                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.010646                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.228508                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.082522                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.224036                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.249418                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.334257                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.269316                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.018544                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.039196                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.066814                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.037183                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000008                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.000093                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.013534                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.012198                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.118907                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.047414                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.015598                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.014675                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.121592                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.049804                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 15234.307141                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 16643.399254                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 10902.316965                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 38658.293090                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 46242.623438                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42156.544929                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 14140.986602                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 13638.461729                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 10253.701888                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 13923.153846                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12066.733333                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 23753.032595                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 41167.876557                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 34378.677509                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 19537.930880                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 39756.878574                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 32376.583082                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       377833                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets        25059                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs            25141                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets            516                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    15.028559                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets    48.563953                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       692569                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           692569                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data          109                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data       155609                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       155718                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data      1409743                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total      1409743                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data         1933                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data         6811                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total         8744                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.data          109                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.data      1565352                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      1565461                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.data          109                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.data      1565352                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      1565461                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        59297                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       160896                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       220193                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        33952                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       119815                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       153767                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        19750                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        43915                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total        63665                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         1351                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data         2883                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total         4234                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data           13                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        93249                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       280711                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       373960                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       112999                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       324626                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       437625                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    783780250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   2132755212                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2916535462                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1238573617                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   5438601702                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6677175319                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    253255500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    658822506                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    912078006                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     21611000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data     35809251                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     57420251                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data       154999                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       154999                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2022353867                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   7571356914                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9593710781                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2275609367                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   8230179420                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  10505788787                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data   1019366000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data   1693120500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   2712486500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    777844500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data   1314970500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   2092815000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data   1797210500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data   3008091000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   4805301500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.013282                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.018218                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008073                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.010646                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.017900                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007425                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.244576                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.224044                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.121872                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.016125                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.019870                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009036                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.000093                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.012184                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.018081                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007793                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.014610                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.020649                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009022                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 13217.873586                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 13255.489335                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13245.359580                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 36480.137164                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 45391.659659                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43423.981212                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 12823.063291                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 15002.220335                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14326.207587                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 15996.299038                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 12420.829344                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13561.703118                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data        11923                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        11923                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 21687.673509                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 26972.070614                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25654.376888                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 20138.314206                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 25352.804212                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24006.372550                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                     4634872                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                      1584                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                    3276619                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                      228                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb                         166                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                     104                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_entries                    1208                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.prefetch_faults                   224                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.perms_faults                       51                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                 4636456                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                3276847                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.hits                          7911491                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.misses                           1812                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.accesses                      7913303                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.inst_hits                    21928102                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.itb.inst_misses                       848                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb                         166                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva                     104                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flush_entries                     700                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.inst_accesses                21928950                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.itb.hits                         21928102                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.misses                            848                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.accesses                     21928950                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                       158012618                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                   21219740                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                     25418010                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses             22602371                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                  1626                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                    2405283                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts      2700826                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                    22602371                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                         1626                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads           41665137                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes          15857681                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                1178                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                448                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads            92378686                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes            9370916                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                      8126078                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                    4682102                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                   3443976                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              151526719.153884                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              6485898.846116                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.041047                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.958953                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                          5257577                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                   36      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                 17988056     68.83%     68.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                   19009      0.07%     68.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     68.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     68.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     68.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     68.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     68.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     68.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     68.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     68.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     68.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     68.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     68.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     68.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     68.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     68.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     68.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     68.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     68.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     68.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     68.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     68.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     68.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     68.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     68.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc              1153      0.00%     68.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     68.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     68.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     68.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                 4682102     17.92%     86.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                3443976     13.18%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                  26134332                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.branchPred.lookups               17411527                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu2.branchPred.condPredicted          9465637                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu2.branchPred.condIncorrect           400782                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBLookups            10870560                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBHits                8144126                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBHitPct            74.919103                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu2.branchPred.usedRAS                4071344                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu2.branchPred.RASInCorrect             21284                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                     9691496                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                     37543                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                    7160478                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                     5658                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb                         181                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                     371                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_entries                    2438                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.dtb.align_faults                      429                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.dtb.prefetch_faults                   958                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.dtb.perms_faults                      432                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                 9729039                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                7166136                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.hits                         16851974                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.misses                          43201                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.accesses                     16895175                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.inst_hits                    12855360                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.itb.inst_misses                      6344                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb                         181                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb_mva                     371                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.itb.flush_entries                    1760                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.itb.perms_faults                     1117                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.inst_accesses                12861704                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.itb.hits                         12855360                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.misses                           6344                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.accesses                     12861704                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                        69831868                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.fetch.icacheStallCycles          26744179                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu2.fetch.Insts                      69131561                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu2.fetch.Branches                   17411527                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu2.fetch.predictedBranches          12215470                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu2.fetch.Cycles                     39628211                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu2.fetch.SquashCycles                2071717                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu2.fetch.TlbCycles                     92420                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu2.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 879                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu2.fetch.PendingDrainCycles              271                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on pipes to drain
system.cpu2.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       329715                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu2.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles       101746                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu2.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          466                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu2.fetch.CacheLines                 12853833                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu2.fetch.IcacheSquashes               270796                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu2.fetch.ItlbSquashes                   2796                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::samples          67933721                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::mean             1.223102                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::stdev            2.347801                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::0                49353657     72.65%     72.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::1                 2396253      3.53%     76.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::2                 1562027      2.30%     78.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::3                 4874890      7.18%     85.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::4                 1103608      1.62%     87.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::5                  705498      1.04%     88.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::6                 3873607      5.70%     94.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::7                  752096      1.11%     95.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::8                 3312085      4.88%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::total            67933721                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.branchRate                 0.249335                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu2.fetch.rate                       0.989972                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu2.decode.IdleCycles                18652988                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu2.decode.BlockedCycles             36886196                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu2.decode.RunCycles                 10385899                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu2.decode.UnblockCycles              1080677                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu2.decode.SquashCycles                927745                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu2.decode.BranchResolved             1311847                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu2.decode.BranchMispred               109670                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu2.decode.DecodedInsts              59354899                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu2.decode.SquashedInsts               355527                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu2.rename.SquashCycles                927745                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu2.rename.IdleCycles                19278335                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu2.rename.BlockCycles                4338170                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu2.rename.serializeStallCycles      27085326                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu2.rename.RunCycles                 10827974                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu2.rename.UnblockCycles              5475942                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu2.rename.RenamedInsts              56886251                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu2.rename.ROBFullEvents                 2445                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu2.rename.IQFullEvents                940623                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu2.rename.LQFullEvents                160571                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu2.rename.SQFullEvents               3871890                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu2.rename.RenamedOperands           58826776                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu2.rename.RenameLookups            261240527                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu2.rename.int_rename_lookups        63795075                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu2.rename.fp_rename_lookups             4266                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu2.rename.CommittedMaps             48699577                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu2.rename.UndoneMaps                10127183                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu2.rename.serializingInsts            954335                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu2.rename.tempSerializingInsts        890664                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu2.rename.skidInsts                  6273875                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu2.memDep0.insertedLoads            10281967                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu2.memDep0.insertedStores            7932177                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu2.memDep0.conflictingLoads          1385446                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu2.memDep0.conflictingStores         1932065                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu2.iq.iqInstsAdded                  54651944                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu2.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded             672234                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu2.iq.iqInstsIssued                 52014227                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            68047                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        7311472                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     18464419                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         69301                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     67933721                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.765661                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.467889                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           47467313     69.87%     69.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            6842474     10.07%     79.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            5093799      7.50%     87.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            4189990      6.17%     93.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            1618046      2.38%     95.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            1073354      1.58%     97.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            1126537      1.66%     99.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             361655      0.53%     99.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::8             160553      0.24%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       67933721                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  78426      9.72%      9.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     1      0.00%      9.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%      9.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0      0.00%      9.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%      9.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%      9.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%      9.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%      9.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%      9.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%      9.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%      9.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%      9.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%      9.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%      9.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%      9.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%      9.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%      9.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%      9.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%      9.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%      9.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%      9.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%      9.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%      9.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%      9.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%      9.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%      9.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%      9.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      9.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%      9.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::MemRead                375416     46.53%     56.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::MemWrite               353014     43.75%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass              108      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             34458488     66.25%     66.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               39234      0.08%     66.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0      0.00%     66.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0      0.00%     66.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     66.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     66.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     66.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     66.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     66.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     66.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     66.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   1      0.00%     66.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     66.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     66.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  3      0.00%     66.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     66.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 1      0.00%     66.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     66.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     66.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     66.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              1      0.00%     66.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     66.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              1      0.00%     66.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          2870      0.01%     66.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     66.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            3      0.00%     66.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     66.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             9974787     19.18%     85.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            7538730     14.49%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::total              52014227                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.rate                          0.744849                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu2.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     806857                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu2.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.015512                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         172827620                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         62668492                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     50413992                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads               9459                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes              4970                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses         4171                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.int_alu_accesses              52815881                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.iq.fp_alu_accesses                   5095                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          266821                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1614154                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         1912                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        38579                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       795080                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       131168                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked       122536                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu2.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu2.iew.iewSquashCycles                927745                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu2.iew.iewBlockCycles                3243473                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu2.iew.iewUnblockCycles               928988                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           55431586                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            93653                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             10281967                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             7932177                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts            359829                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 34343                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu2.iew.iewLSQFullEvents               885724                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu2.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         38579                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu2.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        184691                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu2.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       163240                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu2.iew.branchMispredicts              347931                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecutedInsts             51578613                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              9798052                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           392517                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu2.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_nop                       107408                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_refs                    17263080                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_branches                 9489180                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_stores                   7465028                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_rate                    0.738611                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu2.iew.wb_sent                      51120326                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu2.iew.wb_count                     50418163                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu2.iew.wb_producers                 26486298                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu2.iew.wb_consumers                 46021805                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu2.iew.wb_penalized                        0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu2.iew.wb_rate                      0.721994                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu2.iew.wb_fanout                    0.575516                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu2.iew.wb_penalized_rate                   0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu2.commit.commitSquashedInsts        8152826                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu2.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         602933                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu2.commit.branchMispredicts           292644                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     66207639                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.713967                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.618930                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     48127363     72.69%     72.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      8089014     12.22%     84.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      3990999      6.03%     90.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1725382      2.61%     93.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       875466      1.32%     94.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       621285      0.94%     95.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1255109      1.90%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       300211      0.45%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1222810      1.85%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     66207639                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committedInsts            38915831                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.commit.committedOps              47270058                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu2.commit.refs                      15804910                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu2.commit.loads                      8667813                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu2.commit.membars                     226604                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu2.commit.branches                   8912074                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu2.commit.fp_insts                      4128                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.int_insts                 41368724                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.function_calls             1635579                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        31424362     66.48%     66.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntMult          37916      0.08%     66.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0      0.00%     66.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     66.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     66.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     66.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     66.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     66.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     66.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     66.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     66.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     66.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     66.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     66.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     66.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     66.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     66.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     66.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     66.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     66.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     66.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     66.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     66.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     66.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc         2870      0.01%     66.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     66.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     66.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        8667813     18.34%     84.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       7137097     15.10%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::total         47270058                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.bw_lim_events              1222810                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu2.commit.bw_limited                       0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.cpu2.rob.rob_reads                   113043839                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu2.rob.rob_writes                  112575250                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu2.timesIdled                         280666                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu2.idleCycles                        1898147                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu2.quiesceCycles                  5250079706                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu2.committedInsts                   38852054                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu2.committedOps                     47206281                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu2.cpi                              1.797379                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu2.cpi_total                        1.797379                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu2.ipc                              0.556366                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu2.ipc_total                        0.556366                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu2.int_regfile_reads                56467494                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu2.int_regfile_writes               31953659                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu2.fp_regfile_reads                    15852                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu2.fp_regfile_writes                   13698                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu2.cc_regfile_reads                182453688                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu2.cc_regfile_writes                19285573                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu2.misc_regfile_reads              124185765                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu2.misc_regfile_writes                483246                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.iocache.tags.replacements                36442                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                0.992778                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                36458                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle         245004243009                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::realview.ide     0.992778                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::realview.ide     0.062049                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.062049                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::3           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses               328356                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses              328356                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_hits::realview.ide        36224                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq hits
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_hits::total        36224                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq hits
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::realview.ide          252                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              252                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_misses::realview.ide            9                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq misses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::realview.ide          252                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total               252                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::realview.ide          252                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total              252                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::realview.ide     14192930                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     14192930                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::realview.ide     14192930                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total     14192930                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::realview.ide     14192930                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total     14192930                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::realview.ide          252                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            252                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_accesses::realview.ide        36233                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_accesses::total        36233                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::realview.ide          252                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total             252                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::realview.ide          252                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total            252                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::realview.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_miss_rate::realview.ide     0.000248                       # miss rate for WriteInvalidateReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.000248                       # miss rate for WriteInvalidateReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::realview.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::realview.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::realview.ide 56321.150794                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 56321.150794                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::realview.ide 56321.150794                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 56321.150794                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::realview.ide 56321.150794                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 56321.150794                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                      36224                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::realview.ide          125                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          125                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::realview.ide          125                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total          125                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::realview.ide          125                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total          125                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ide      7692930                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7692930                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ide   1401235920                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1401235920                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ide      7692930                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7692930                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ide      7692930                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7692930                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::realview.ide     0.496032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.496032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::realview.ide     0.496032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.496032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::realview.ide     0.496032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.496032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ide 61543.440000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61543.440000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ide          inf                       # average WriteInvalidateReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteInvalidateReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ide 61543.440000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61543.440000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ide 61543.440000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61543.440000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
