
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  2.804329                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                2804328920000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2804328920000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 115537                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   140231                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             2770199215                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 563788                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  1012.32                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   116960928                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     141958852                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.physmem.bytes_read::realview.ide           960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.dtb.walker         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.itb.walker           64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.inst           739456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.data          5170528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.dtb.walker         3968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.inst           635584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.data          4648772                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             11204324                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst       739456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst       635584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         1375040                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      6110656                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::realview.ide      2318336                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu0.data         17516                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu1.data             8                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           8446516                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::realview.ide             15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.dtb.walker           78                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.itb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.inst             11554                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.data             81308                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.dtb.walker           62                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.inst              9931                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.data             72638                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                175587                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           95479                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::realview.ide         36224                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu0.data             4379                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu1.data                2                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total               136084                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::realview.ide              342                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.dtb.walker          1780                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.itb.walker            23                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.inst              263684                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.data             1843767                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.dtb.walker          1415                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.inst              226644                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.data             1657713                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                 3995367                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst         263684                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst         226644                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             490328                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           2179008                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::realview.ide          826699                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu0.data               6246                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu1.data                  3                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                3011956                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           2179008                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::realview.ide          827041                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.dtb.walker         1780                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.itb.walker           23                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.inst             263684                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.data            1850013                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.dtb.walker         1415                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.inst             226644                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.data            1657716                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total                7007324                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                        175588                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.physmem.writeReqs                       136084                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.physmem.readBursts                      175588                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.writeBursts                     136084                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.physmem.bytesReadDRAM                 11230016                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadWrQ                      7616                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.physmem.bytesWritten                   8460224                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadSys                  11204388                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.bytesWrittenSys                8446516                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                      119                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.mergedWrBursts                    3871                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           4656                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::0               11119                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::1               11133                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::2               11709                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::3               11218                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::4               11369                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::5               11386                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::6               11957                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::7               11810                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::8               10209                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::9               10442                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::10              10595                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::11               9762                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::12              10419                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::13              11416                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::14              10636                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::15              10289                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::0                8317                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::1                8433                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::2                9040                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::3                8546                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::4                8342                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::5                8537                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::6                8976                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::7                8813                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::8                7760                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::9                7806                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::10               7935                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::11               7392                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::12               7884                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::13               8744                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::14               8047                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::15               7619                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           3                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    2804328669500                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                     541                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                      14                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                  175033                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                   4381                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                 131703                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                    104493                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                     60900                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                      8542                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                      1514                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                        10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                       106                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                       100                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                        95                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                        92                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                        90                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                        89                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                        89                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                        88                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                        87                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                        88                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                       90                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                       94                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                       93                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                       92                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                       92                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                     2034                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                     2593                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                     4472                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                     6405                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                     6749                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                     7531                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                     7785                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                     8329                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                     8840                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                     9699                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                     9179                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                     8769                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                     8333                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                     8793                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                     7251                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                     7187                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                     7297                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::32                     6813                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::33                      255                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::34                      218                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::35                      215                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::36                      183                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::37                      153                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::38                      139                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::39                      149                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::40                      138                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::41                      121                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::42                      110                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::43                      117                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::44                      121                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::45                      109                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::46                       89                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::47                       88                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::48                       73                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::49                       73                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::50                       68                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::51                       60                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::52                       50                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::53                       42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::54                       34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::55                       27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::56                       26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::57                       22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::58                       23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::59                       23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::60                       17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::61                        9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::62                        8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::63                        9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples        64650                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      304.565754                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     178.964808                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev     328.021120                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::0-127          24334     37.64%     37.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-255        15675     24.25%     61.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-383         6689     10.35%     72.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-511         3630      5.61%     77.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-639         2748      4.25%     82.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1525      2.36%     84.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1125      1.74%     86.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1111      1.72%     87.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         7813     12.09%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total          64650                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::samples          6707                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::mean        26.160877                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      477.303834                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::0-2047           6704     99.96%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::2048-4095            1      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::6144-8191            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::36864-38911            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::total            6707                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::samples          6707                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::mean        19.709408                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::gmean       18.238406                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       11.151792                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::0-3                14      0.21%      0.21% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::4-7                 6      0.09%      0.30% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::8-11                4      0.06%      0.36% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::12-15              11      0.16%      0.52% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::16-19            5779     86.16%     86.69% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::20-23             101      1.51%     88.19% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::24-27              51      0.76%     88.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::28-31             232      3.46%     92.41% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::32-35             200      2.98%     95.39% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::36-39              21      0.31%     95.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::40-43              22      0.33%     96.03% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::44-47              12      0.18%     96.21% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::48-51              28      0.42%     96.63% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::52-55               8      0.12%     96.75% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::56-59               4      0.06%     96.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::60-63               5      0.07%     96.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::64-67             157      2.34%     99.22% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::68-71               5      0.07%     99.30% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::72-75               4      0.06%     99.36% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::76-79               5      0.07%     99.43% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::80-83              11      0.16%     99.60% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::84-87               1      0.01%     99.61% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::92-95               2      0.03%     99.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::96-99               5      0.07%     99.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::104-107             1      0.01%     99.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::108-111             2      0.03%     99.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::112-115             4      0.06%     99.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::116-119             4      0.06%     99.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::124-127             1      0.01%     99.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::128-131             7      0.10%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::total            6707                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.totQLat                     2725885000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                6015928750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.physmem.totBusLat                    877345000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.physmem.avgQLat                       15534.85                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  34284.85                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgRdBW                           4.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           3.02                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgRdBWSys                        4.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBWSys                        3.01                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.busUtilRead                       0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.physmem.busUtilWrite                      0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         1.64                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        11.75                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.readRowHits                     145120                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                     97889                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   82.70                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  74.04                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                      8997692.03                       # Average gap between requests
system.physmem.pageHitRate                      78.98                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::IDLE     2678489596250                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::REF       93642640000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN             0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::ACT       32196672750                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN             0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem.actEnergy::0                 258567120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.actEnergy::1                 230186880                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.preEnergy::0                 141083250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.preEnergy::1                 125598000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.readEnergy::0                715260000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.readEnergy::1                653390400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.writeEnergy::0               447145920                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.writeEnergy::1               409451760                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.refreshEnergy::0          183165003840                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.refreshEnergy::1          183165003840                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.actBackEnergy::0           77778018765                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.actBackEnergy::1           76614000390                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.preBackEnergy::0          1614369982500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.preBackEnergy::1          1615391051250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.totalEnergy::0            1876875061395                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.totalEnergy::1            1876588682520                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem.averagePower::0             669.278202                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.physmem.averagePower::1             669.176082                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_read::cpu0.inst          704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_read::total           704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst          704                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_inst_read::total          704                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.num_reads::cpu0.inst           11                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.realview.nvmem.num_reads::total             11                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bw_read::cpu0.inst          251                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_read::total              251                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst          251                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_inst_read::total          251                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_total::cpu0.inst          251                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_total::total             251                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               67981                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              67980                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq              27608                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp             27608                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback             95479                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq        36224                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp        36224                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             4633                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             23                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            4656                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            138435                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           138435                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.bridge.slave       105550                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.nvmem.port           22                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         2070                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port       464698                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::total       572340                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port        72712                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total        72712                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 645052                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.bridge.slave       159197                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.nvmem.port          704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         4140                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port     17331544                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::total     17495585                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port      2319296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total      2319296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                19814881                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                              234                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            310978                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                  310978    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              310978                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy            81489000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer1.occupancy               16812                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             1718500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer5.occupancy          1433405250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer5.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy         1729661846                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer3.occupancy           38504711                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer3.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.l2c.tags.replacements                   104201                       # number of replacements
system.l2c.tags.tagsinuse                65131.975269                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2c.tags.total_refs                    3107275                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.sampled_refs                   169441                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.avg_refs                    18.338389                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   48640.203385                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.dtb.walker    54.461812                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000235                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst     5568.717985                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     2872.344417                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.dtb.walker    41.548233                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst     4966.062481                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data     2988.636721                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::writebacks      0.742191                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000831                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst       0.084972                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data       0.043828                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000634                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst       0.075776                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data       0.045603                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::total           0.993835                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           70                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        65170                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4           70                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          369                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3222                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         8954                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        52610                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.001068                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.994415                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2c.tags.tag_accesses                 29225778                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2c.tags.data_accesses                29225778                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker        36725                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.itb.walker         8774                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst             958768                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data             271288                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker        36918                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.itb.walker         8011                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst             964418                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data             269869                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::total                2554771                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::writebacks          703572                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::total               703572                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data              47                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data              58                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::total                 105                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data            15                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data            30                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total                45                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data            77545                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu1.data            79094                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::total               156639                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker         36725                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.itb.walker          8774                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.inst              958768                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.data              348833                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker         36918                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.itb.walker          8011                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.inst              964418                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.data              348963                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::total                 2711410                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker        36725                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.itb.walker         8774                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.inst             958768                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.data             348833                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker        36918                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.itb.walker         8011                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.inst             964418                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.data             348963                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::total                2711410                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker           78                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst            10910                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data             7138                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker           62                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst             9936                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data             7955                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::total                36080                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data          1305                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data          1437                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::total              2742                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data            6                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data           17                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total              23                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data          74623                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1.data          65703                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::total             140326                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker           78                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.inst             10910                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.data             81761                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker           62                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.inst              9936                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.data             73658                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::total                176406                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker           78                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.inst            10910                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.data            81761                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker           62                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.inst             9936                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.data            73658                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::total               176406                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker      6586000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        74500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    832891250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    575497992                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker      5167000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    747110750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    644595992                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     2811923484                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data       329986                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data       419482                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       749468                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data        92496                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data       162493                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       254989                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   5741186064                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   5103227796                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  10844413860                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker      6586000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        74500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    832891250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   6316684056                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker      5167000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    747110750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data   5747823788                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::total     13656337344                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker      6586000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        74500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    832891250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   6316684056                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker      5167000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    747110750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data   5747823788                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::total    13656337344                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker        36803                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker         8775                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst         969678                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data         278426                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker        36980                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker         8011                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst         974354                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data         277824                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::total            2590851                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       703572                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::total           703572                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data         1352                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data         1495                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            2847                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data           21                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data           47                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total            68                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data       152168                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1.data       144797                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::total           296965                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker        36803                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker         8775                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst          969678                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.data          430594                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker        36980                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker         8011                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst          974354                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.data          422621                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::total             2887816                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker        36803                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker         8775                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst         969678                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.data         430594                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker        36980                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker         8011                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst         974354                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.data         422621                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::total            2887816                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.002119                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000114                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.011251                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.025637                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.001677                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.010198                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.028633                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.013926                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.965237                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.961204                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.963119                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.285714                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.361702                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.338235                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.490399                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.453759                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.472534                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.002119                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000114                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.011251                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.189880                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.001677                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst       0.010198                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data       0.174289                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::total           0.061086                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.002119                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000114                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.011251                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.189880                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.001677                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.010198                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.174289                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::total          0.061086                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 84435.897436                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        74500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 76342.002750                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80624.543570                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker 83338.709677                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 75192.305757                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 81030.294406                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 77935.795011                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data   252.862835                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data   291.915101                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total   273.328957                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data        15416                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data  9558.411765                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11086.478261                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 76935.878536                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 77671.153463                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 77280.146658                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 84435.897436                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        74500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 76342.002750                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77257.910936                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker 83338.709677                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 75192.305757                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 78033.937766                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 77414.245230                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 84435.897436                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        74500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 76342.002750                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77257.910936                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker 83338.709677                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 75192.305757                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 78033.937766                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 77414.245230                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2c.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2c.writebacks::writebacks               95479                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.writebacks::total                    95479                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst             6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            71                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst             5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data            66                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total               148                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst              6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data             71                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst              5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.data             66                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::total                148                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst             6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            71                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst             5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.data            66                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::total               148                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker           78                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst        10904                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         7067                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker           62                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         9931                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         7889                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35932                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1305                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         1437                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         2742                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data            6                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data           17                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total           23                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        74623                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        65703                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        140326                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker           78                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst        10904                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        81690                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker           62                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         9931                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        73592                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::total           176258                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker           78                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst        10904                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        81690                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker           62                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         9931                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        73592                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::total          176258                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker      5619000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        62500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    695263500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    482934742                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker      4398500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    621792250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    542490992                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2352561484                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     13058305                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     14434936                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     27493241                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        60006                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data       170017                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       230023                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   4809749936                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4286056704                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9095806640                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker      5619000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        62500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    695263500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   5292684678                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker      4398500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    621792250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4828547696                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  11448368124                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker      5619000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        62500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    695263500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   5292684678                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker      4398500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    621792250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4828547696                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  11448368124                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst     36174500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   2949055750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data   2430218500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   5415448750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   2226044000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data   1876060498                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   4102104498                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst     36174500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   5175099750                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data   4306278998                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   9517553248                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.002119                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000114                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.011245                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.025382                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.001677                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.010192                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.028396                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013869                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.965237                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.961204                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.963119                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.285714                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.361702                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.338235                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.490399                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.453759                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.472534                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.002119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000114                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.011245                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.189715                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.001677                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.010192                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.174132                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.061035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.002119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000114                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.011245                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.189715                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.001677                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.010192                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.174132                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.061035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 72038.461538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        62500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 63762.243213                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 68336.598557                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker 70943.548387                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 62611.242574                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 68765.495247                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65472.600579                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 10006.363985                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 10045.188587                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10026.710795                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        10001                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data        10001                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        10001                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 64453.987859                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 65233.805214                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64819.111498                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 72038.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        62500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 63762.243213                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 64789.872420                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker 70943.548387                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 62611.242574                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 65612.399391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64952.331945                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 72038.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        62500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 63762.243213                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 64789.872420                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker 70943.548387                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 62611.242574                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 65612.399391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64952.331945                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.realview.ethernet.descDMAReads               0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDMAWrites              0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.postedSwi                  0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedSwi             nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalSwi                   0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxIdle               0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle          nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxIdle                0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxOk                 0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxOk            nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxOk                  0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxDesc               0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc          nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxDesc                0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxOk                 0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxOk            nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxOk                  0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxIdle               0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle          nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxIdle                0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxDesc               0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc          nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxDesc                0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxOrn                0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn           nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxOrn                 0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTotal           nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.droppedPackets             0                       # number of packets dropped
system.cf0.dma_read_full_pages                      0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_bytes                        1024                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_txs                             1                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_write_full_pages                   540                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_bytes                    2318336                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_txs                          631                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadReq            2655300                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           2655214                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteReq             27608                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteResp            27608                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::Writeback           703572                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq        36227                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            2847                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            68                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           2915                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           296965                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          296965                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      3889644                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      2533488                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.itb.walker.dma::system.l2c.cpu_side        43405                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2c.cpu_side       169876                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count::total               6636413                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side    124460352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side     99828001                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.itb.walker.dma::system.l2c.cpu_side        67144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2c.cpu_side       295132                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size::total              224650629                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.snoops                           69040                       # Total snoops (count)
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::samples          3663181                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::mean            5.009957                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.099289                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::5                3626705     99.00%     99.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::6                  36476      1.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              5                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              6                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::total            3663181                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         4671577230                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.snoopLayer0.occupancy           738000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.snoopLayer0.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy        8759110629                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy        3910283961                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer2.occupancy          26690343                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer2.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer3.occupancy          96888385                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer3.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                30210                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp               30210                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq               59038                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp              59038                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart.pio        54242                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.realview_io.pio          116                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.timer0.pio           34                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.timer1.pio           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.kmi0.pio          124                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.kmi1.pio          850                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.rtc.pio           32                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart1_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart2_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart3_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.sp810_fake.pio           76                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.watchdog_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.aaci_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.lan_fake.pio            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.usb_fake.pio           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.mmc_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ide.pio         7244                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ide-pciconf          210                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ethernet.pio        42268                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ethernet-pciconf          164                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.pciconfig.pio           60                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total       105550                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.realview.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side        72946                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.realview.ide.dma::total        72946                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                  178496                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart.pio        67959                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.realview_io.pio          232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.timer0.pio           68                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.timer1.pio           40                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.kmi0.pio           86                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.kmi1.pio          449                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.rtc.pio           64                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart1_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart2_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart3_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.sp810_fake.pio          152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.watchdog_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.aaci_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.lan_fake.pio            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.usb_fake.pio           20                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.mmc_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ide.pio         4753                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ide-pciconf          265                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ethernet.pio        84536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ethernet-pciconf          253                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.pciconfig.pio          120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total       159197                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.realview.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side      2321224                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.realview.ide.dma::total      2321224                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                  2480421                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.occupancy             38529000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.occupancy                85000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy                26000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer3.occupancy                12000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer3.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.occupancy                74000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer7.occupancy               506000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer7.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer10.occupancy               17000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer10.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer14.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer14.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer15.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer15.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer16.occupancy               40000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer16.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy                2000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer21.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer21.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.occupancy             5287000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer24.occupancy              143000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer24.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.occupancy            30680000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer26.occupancy              102000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer26.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.occupancy           326614549                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer28.occupancy               30000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer28.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy            82736000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer3.occupancy            36835289                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer3.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups               26968745                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted         14109241                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect           549589                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups            16704483                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits               12571056                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct            75.255583                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                6684107                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect             29871                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                    14281958                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                     49036                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                   10331652                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                     7432                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb                         178                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                     474                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_entries                    3418                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.dtb.align_faults                      971                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.prefetch_faults                  1307                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.perms_faults                      583                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                14330994                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses               10339084                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.hits                         24613610                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.misses                          56468                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.accesses                     24670078                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.inst_hits                    20359986                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.itb.inst_misses                      8688                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb                         178                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva                     474                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flush_entries                    2307                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.perms_faults                     1454                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.inst_accesses                20368674                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.itb.hits                         20359986                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.misses                           8688                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.accesses                     20368674                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                       107845593                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles          40386810                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                     105587816                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                   26968745                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches          19255163                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     62197124                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                3245751                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                    127625                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                7153                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingDrainCycles              414                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on pipes to drain
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       560512                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles       142803                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          276                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                 20358682                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes               375797                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                   3540                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples         105045556                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             1.208380                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            2.316447                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                76194887     72.54%     72.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                 3754274      3.57%     76.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                 2490616      2.37%     78.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                 7859227      7.48%     85.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                 1696652      1.62%     87.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                 1110270      1.06%     88.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                 6030562      5.74%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                 1172073      1.12%     95.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 4736995      4.51%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total           105045556                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.250068                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.979065                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                27992831                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             58288752                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                 15795686                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles              1494186                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles               1473806                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.BranchResolved             1905882                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu0.decode.BranchMispred               151125                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              87429633                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.decode.SquashedInsts               488960                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles               1473806                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                28854522                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                7825241                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles      44530433                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                 16415738                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              5945509                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              83590953                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                 2363                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               1232745                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                241627                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents               3747183                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           86230749                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups            384928079                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        93177414                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups             5669                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             72449468                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                13781265                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts           1547727                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts       1453455                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  8907873                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads            15026911                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores           11459129                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads          1951942                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores         2729865                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  80431590                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded            1054195                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 77118742                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            91388                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       10043438                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     24751793                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        115145                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    105045556                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.734146                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.428326                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           74311546     70.74%     70.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1           10189117      9.70%     80.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            7864547      7.49%     87.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            6570455      6.25%     94.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            2322662      2.21%     96.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            1491632      1.42%     97.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            1567348      1.49%     99.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             489722      0.47%     99.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8             238527      0.23%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      105045556                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                 112665      9.94%      9.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     3      0.00%      9.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%      9.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0      0.00%      9.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%      9.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%      9.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%      9.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%      9.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%      9.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%      9.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%      9.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%      9.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%      9.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%      9.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%      9.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%      9.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%      9.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%      9.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%      9.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%      9.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%      9.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%      9.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%      9.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%      9.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%      9.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%      9.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%      9.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      9.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%      9.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                535473     47.24%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite               485278     42.82%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass             2200      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             51451834     66.72%     66.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               57694      0.07%     66.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0      0.00%     66.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0      0.00%     66.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     66.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     66.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     66.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     66.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     66.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     66.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     66.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   2      0.00%     66.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     66.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     66.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     66.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     66.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     66.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     66.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     66.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     66.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     66.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     66.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              1      0.00%     66.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          4462      0.01%     66.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     66.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            7      0.00%     66.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     66.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            14684703     19.04%     85.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite           10917839     14.16%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              77118742                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.715085                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    1133419                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.014697                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         260495273                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         91574151                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     74667012                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              12574                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes              6644                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses         5487                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              78243199                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                   6762                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          345945                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2206741                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         2565                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        52530                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      1128151                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       207860                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked       209627                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles               1473806                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                5382891                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles              2162428                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           81613092                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           131628                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             15026911                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts            11459129                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts            550936                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 43632                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents              2106388                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         52530                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        254626                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       219922                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts              474548                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             76513772                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts             14449148                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           548624                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                       127307                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                    25261391                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                14437195                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                  10812243                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.709475                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      75851893                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     74672499                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 39010696                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 67649101                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_penalized                        0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.692402                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.576662                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_penalized_rate                   0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts       11320580                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         939050                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts           400483                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    102489063                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.685035                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.574738                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     75163014     73.34%     73.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     12241374     11.94%     85.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      6264234      6.11%     91.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2647997      2.58%     93.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1295474      1.26%     95.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       837997      0.82%     96.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1889450      1.84%     97.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       409985      0.40%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1739538      1.70%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    102489063                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts            57892234                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              70208613                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                      23151148                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                     12820170                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                     372459                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                  13651808                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                      5463                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 61466111                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls             2656847                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        46997024     66.94%     66.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult          55979      0.08%     67.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0      0.00%     67.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     67.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     67.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     67.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     67.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     67.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     67.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     67.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     67.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     67.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     67.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     67.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     67.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     67.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     67.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     67.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     67.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     67.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     67.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     67.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     67.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     67.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     67.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc         4462      0.01%     67.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     67.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     67.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     67.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead       12820170     18.26%     85.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite      10330978     14.71%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         70208613                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events              1739538                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.commit.bw_limited                       0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                   169616941                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                  165619058                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                         398870                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                        2800037                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.quiesceCycles                  2442123265                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   57820351                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     70136730                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              1.865184                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        1.865184                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.536140                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.536140                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                83228446                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               47576245                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    16184                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   12998                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                270476207                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                28213628                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads              191272649                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_writes                720305                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements          1943673                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.578352                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs           38923517                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs          1944185                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs            20.020480                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle       9481344250                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst   274.782570                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst   236.795782                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.536685                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.462492                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999176                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          124                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          236                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          150                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         42951658                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        42951658                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst     19318996                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst     19604521                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       38923517                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst     19318996                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu1.inst     19604521                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total        38923517                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst     19318996                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu1.inst     19604521                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total       38923517                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst      1039021                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst      1044832                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      2083853                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst      1039021                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu1.inst      1044832                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total       2083853                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst      1039021                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu1.inst      1044832                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total      2083853                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  14217432245                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst  14193731102                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  28411163347                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  14217432245                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst  14193731102                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  28411163347                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  14217432245                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst  14193731102                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  28411163347                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst     20358017                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst     20649353                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     41007370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst     20358017                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst     20649353                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total     41007370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst     20358017                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst     20649353                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total     41007370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.051037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.050599                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.050817                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.051037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.050599                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.050817                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.051037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.050599                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.050817                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13683.488827                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13584.701753                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13633.957552                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13683.488827                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13584.701753                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13633.957552                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13683.488827                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13584.701753                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13633.957552                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         8339                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs              489                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    17.053170                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst        69244                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst        70320                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       139564                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst        69244                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst        70320                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total       139564                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst        69244                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst        70320                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total       139564                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       969777                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       974512                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1944289                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       969777                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       974512                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1944289                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       969777                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       974512                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1944289                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  11614628478                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst  11591128360                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  23205756838                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  11614628478                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst  11591128360                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  23205756838                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  11614628478                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst  11591128360                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  23205756838                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst     49940000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     49940000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst     49940000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     49940000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.047636                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.047193                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.047413                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.047636                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.047193                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.047413                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.047636                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.047193                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.047413                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 11976.597174                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 11894.290024                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11935.343376                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 11976.597174                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 11894.290024                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11935.343376                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 11976.597174                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 11894.290024                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11935.343376                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           852682                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          511.984423                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs           42512914                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           853194                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            49.827957                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle         91705250                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data   329.938362                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data   182.046061                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.644411                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.355559                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999970                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          185                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          306                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        189863403                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses       189863403                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data     12602173                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data     12737013                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       25339186                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      7727036                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu1.data      8174827                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      15901863                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu0.data       180867                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu1.data       181606                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total       362473                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu0.data       207945                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu1.data       238852                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       446797                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu0.data       213795                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu1.data       245624                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       459419                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data     20329209                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu1.data     20911840                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        41241049                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data     20510076                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu1.data     21093446                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       41603522                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       421777                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data       407630                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       829407                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data      1909127                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu1.data      1794923                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      3704050                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu0.data        96495                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu1.data        85144                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total       181639                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu0.data        13429                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu1.data        14216                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        27645                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu0.data           21                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu1.data           47                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           68                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data      2330904                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu1.data      2202553                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total       4533457                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data      2427399                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu1.data      2287697                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total      4715096                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   7013958136                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   6635684452                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  13649642588                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  84643454348                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data  74838228910                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 159481683258                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    181700494                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    211428245                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    393128739                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data       350006                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data       828017                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total      1178023                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  91657412484                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data  81473913362                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 173131325846                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  91657412484                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data  81473913362                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 173131325846                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data     13023950                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data     13144643                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     26168593                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      9636163                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu1.data      9969750                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     19605913                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu0.data       277362                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu1.data       266750                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total       544112                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       221374                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu1.data       253068                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       474442                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu0.data       213816                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu1.data       245671                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       459487                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data     22660113                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu1.data     23114393                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     45774506                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data     22937475                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu1.data     23381143                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     46318618                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.032385                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.031011                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.031695                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.198121                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.180037                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.188925                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.347903                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.319190                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.333826                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.060662                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.056175                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.058268                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000098                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.000191                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.000148                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.102864                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.095289                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.099039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.105827                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.097844                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.101797                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 16629.541525                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 16278.695022                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16457.110427                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 44336.209350                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 41694.395197                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 43056.028741                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 13530.456028                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 14872.555219                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14220.609116                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 16666.952381                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 17617.382979                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17323.867647                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 39322.688744                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 36990.670990                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 38189.691850                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 37759.516455                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 35613.944225                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 36718.515561                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1117471                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       160932                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs            70035                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets           2415                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    15.955893                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets    66.638509                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       703572                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           703572                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       210384                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data       193413                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       403797                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data      1755618                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data      1648654                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total      3404272                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         9415                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data         8951                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total        18366                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data      1966002                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.data      1842067                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      3808069                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data      1966002                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.data      1842067                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      3808069                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       211393                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       214217                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       425610                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       153509                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       146269                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       299778                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        63030                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        58365                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total       121395                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         4014                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         5265                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total         9279                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data           21                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data           47                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           68                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       364902                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       360486                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       725388                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       427932                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       418851                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       846783                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2857072417                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2926033619                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5783106036                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   6788582559                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   6159862377                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12948444936                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    975244760                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    899933504                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1875178264                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     46933501                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     81366752                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    128300253                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data       307994                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data       733983                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1041977                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   9645654976                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   9085895996                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  18731550972                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  10620899736                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   9985829500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  20606729236                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   3170906750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data   2613622501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   5784529251                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   2427957377                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data   2008001500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   4435958877                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   5598864127                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data   4621624001                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  10220488128                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.016231                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.016297                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016264                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.015931                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.014671                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015290                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.227248                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.218800                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.223107                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.018132                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.020805                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019558                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000098                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.000191                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000148                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.016103                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.015596                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015847                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.018656                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.017914                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018282                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 13515.454235                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 13659.203607                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13587.805822                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 44222.700682                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 42113.245985                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43193.446270                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 15472.707600                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 15419.061150                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15446.915145                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 11692.451669                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 15454.273884                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13826.948270                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 14666.380952                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 15616.659574                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15323.191176                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 26433.549216                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 25204.573814                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25822.802379                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 24819.129525                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 23841.006706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24335.312868                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups               27347291                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted         14229080                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect           552926                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups            17264130                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits               12844736                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct            74.401293                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                6762355                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect             29663                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                    14380313                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                     50338                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                   10697385                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                     9618                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb                         178                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                     443                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_entries                    3499                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.dtb.align_faults                      785                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.prefetch_faults                  1275                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.perms_faults                      552                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                14430651                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses               10707003                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.hits                         25077698                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.misses                          59956                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.accesses                     25137654                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.inst_hits                    20651138                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.itb.inst_misses                      8123                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb                         178                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva                     443                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flush_entries                    2271                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.perms_faults                     1349                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.inst_accesses                20659261                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.itb.hits                         20651138                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.misses                           8123                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.accesses                     20659261                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                       107249974                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.icacheStallCycles          40725468                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu1.fetch.Insts                     106761765                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu1.fetch.Branches                   27347291                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu1.fetch.predictedBranches          19607091                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu1.fetch.Cycles                     61565472                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu1.fetch.SquashCycles                3230729                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu1.fetch.TlbCycles                    119361                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu1.fetch.MiscStallCycles                4162                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu1.fetch.PendingDrainCycles              473                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on pipes to drain
system.cpu1.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       476136                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu1.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles       133238                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu1.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          223                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu1.fetch.CacheLines                 20649355                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu1.fetch.IcacheSquashes               381272                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu1.fetch.ItlbSquashes                   3428                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples         104639861                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean             1.227831                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev            2.325701                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                75287195     71.95%     71.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                 3919090      3.75%     75.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                 2500009      2.39%     78.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                 8110720      7.75%     85.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                 1591501      1.52%     87.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                 1177075      1.12%     88.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                 6154172      5.88%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                 1148436      1.10%     95.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                 4751663      4.54%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total           104639861                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                 0.254986                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                       0.995448                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.decode.IdleCycles                27852312                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu1.decode.BlockedCycles             57848791                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu1.decode.RunCycles                 15754577                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu1.decode.UnblockCycles              1718968                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu1.decode.SquashCycles               1464898                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu1.decode.BranchResolved             1977106                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu1.decode.BranchMispred               152502                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu1.decode.DecodedInsts              89215039                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu1.decode.SquashedInsts               494329                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu1.rename.SquashCycles               1464898                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu1.rename.IdleCycles                28797360                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu1.rename.BlockCycles                6699621                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles      45356537                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.RunCycles                 16519675                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu1.rename.UnblockCycles              5801450                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu1.rename.RenamedInsts              85333745                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu1.rename.ROBFullEvents                 2191                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu1.rename.IQFullEvents               1572004                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu1.rename.LQFullEvents                242988                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu1.rename.SQFullEvents               3188310                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu1.rename.RenamedOperands           88168045                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu1.rename.RenameLookups            393456751                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu1.rename.int_rename_lookups        95320905                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu1.rename.fp_rename_lookups             6151                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu1.rename.CommittedMaps             74288331                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu1.rename.UndoneMaps                13879714                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts           1591572                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts       1490290                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                 10044487                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads            15194391                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores           11866887                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads          2182296                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores         2756146                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.iqInstsAdded                  82055126                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu1.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded            1162203                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu1.iq.iqInstsIssued                 78681977                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            95018                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       10109005                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     25435903                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        107068                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    104639861                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.751931                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.430939                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           72959997     69.72%     69.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1           10709404     10.23%     79.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            8056823      7.70%     87.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            6679323      6.38%     94.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            2498342      2.39%     96.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            1545149      1.48%     97.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            1464114      1.40%     99.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             496511      0.47%     99.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8             230198      0.22%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      104639861                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                 103205      8.90%      8.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     5      0.00%      8.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%      8.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0      0.00%      8.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%      8.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%      8.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%      8.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%      8.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%      8.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%      8.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%      8.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%      8.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%      8.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%      8.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%      8.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%      8.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%      8.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%      8.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%      8.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%      8.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%      8.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%      8.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%      8.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%      8.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%      8.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%      8.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%      8.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      8.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%      8.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                536017     46.20%     55.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite               520896     44.90%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass              137      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             52524607     66.76%     66.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               58923      0.07%     66.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0      0.00%     66.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0      0.00%     66.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     66.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     66.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     66.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     66.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     66.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     66.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     66.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     66.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     66.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     66.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     66.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     66.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     66.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     66.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     66.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     66.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              1      0.00%     66.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     66.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     66.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          4123      0.01%     66.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     66.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            3      0.00%     66.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     66.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            14785011     18.79%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite           11309172     14.37%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total              78681977                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                          0.733632                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    1160123                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.014744                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         263245129                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         93371477                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     76291260                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              13827                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes              7286                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses         6040                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses              79834510                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                   7453                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          367216                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2201674                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         2649                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        53639                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      1152377                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       193043                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked       153958                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles               1464898                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                4313031                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles              2150253                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           83357725                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           132748                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             15194391                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts            11866887                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts            585663                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 47230                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents              2090333                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         53639                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        255743                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       221088                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts              476831                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts             78071744                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts             14543565                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           550444                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                       140396                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                    25744293                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                14514927                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                  11200728                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                    0.727942                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                      77444184                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                     76297300                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                 39931831                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                 69996884                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_penalized                        0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                      0.711397                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                    0.570480                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_penalized_rate                   0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu1.commit.commitSquashedInsts       11439631                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu1.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        1055135                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu1.commit.branchMispredicts           402423                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    102076918                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.704421                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.588048                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     73994277     72.49%     72.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     12594887     12.34%     84.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      6447399      6.32%     91.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2674121      2.62%     93.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1416644      1.39%     95.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       932745      0.91%     96.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1821915      1.78%     97.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       428135      0.42%     98.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1766795      1.73%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    102076918                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts            59223599                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps              71905144                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                      23707227                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                     12992717                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                     441930                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                  13739507                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                      5965                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                 63021848                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls             2684059                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        48136675     66.94%     66.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult          57123      0.08%     67.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0      0.00%     67.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     67.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     67.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     67.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     67.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     67.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     67.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     67.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     67.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     67.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     67.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     67.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     67.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     67.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     67.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     67.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     67.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     67.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     67.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     67.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     67.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     67.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     67.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc         4119      0.01%     67.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     67.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     67.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     67.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead       12992717     18.07%     85.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite      10714510     14.90%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total         71905144                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events              1766795                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.commit.bw_limited                       0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                   171176371                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                  169257009                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.timesIdled                         392905                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu1.idleCycles                        2610113                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu1.quiesceCycles                  2951402872                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu1.committedInsts                   59140577                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                     71822122                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                              1.813475                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                        1.813475                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                              0.551427                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                        0.551427                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.int_regfile_reads                84961864                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu1.int_regfile_writes               48575931                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu1.fp_regfile_reads                    16615                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu1.fp_regfile_writes                   13105                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu1.cc_regfile_reads                275730923                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu1.cc_regfile_writes                28983730                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu1.misc_regfile_reads              192710320                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu1.misc_regfile_writes                799493                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.iocache.tags.replacements                36423                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                0.982033                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                     16                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                36439                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                 0.000439                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle         234020639000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::realview.ide     0.982033                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::realview.ide     0.061377                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.061377                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::3           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses               328241                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses              328241                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_hits::realview.ide        36224                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq hits
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_hits::total        36224                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq hits
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::realview.ide          249                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              249                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::realview.ide          249                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total               249                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::realview.ide          249                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total              249                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::realview.ide     29659377                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     29659377                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::realview.ide     29659377                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total     29659377                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::realview.ide     29659377                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total     29659377                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::realview.ide          249                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            249                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_accesses::realview.ide        36224                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_accesses::total        36224                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::realview.ide          249                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total             249                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::realview.ide          249                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total            249                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::realview.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::realview.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::realview.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::realview.ide 119113.963855                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 119113.963855                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::realview.ide 119113.963855                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 119113.963855                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::realview.ide 119113.963855                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 119113.963855                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                      36224                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::realview.ide          249                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          249                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::realview.ide          249                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total          249                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::realview.ide          249                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total          249                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ide     16710377                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     16710377                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ide   2222587461                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2222587461                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ide     16710377                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     16710377                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ide     16710377                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     16710377                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::realview.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::realview.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::realview.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ide 67109.947791                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67109.947791                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ide          inf                       # average WriteInvalidateReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteInvalidateReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ide 67109.947791                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67109.947791                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::realview.ide 67109.947791                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67109.947791                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                    3039                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
